

******************************* Chapter 231 *******************************

The woman with a subtle smile was embellished with the sky with the sky and the trinkets. The brilliant appearance that didn't fit the seat seemed to be a night stage singer.

", Where are you doing now?"

The hundred days soon stumbled and raised. And he was nervous about the woman who appeared to freeze the wound.

"Obviously, I would have ordered the assassination of the heads of the military. But why are they still lived and pressing us!"

"Oh, noisy ..."

The woman closed her ears like a child who heard annoying nagging.

"This was my own situation. Alpha was overloaded, so we were too much ... Oh, this was a secret."

She shook her head.

"And would you say right?

"This is ..."

"By the way, why does the situation look bad?"

Then he turned his tongue and turned the topic.

"The siege is narrowed, and I am injured ..."

"I still have enough room. If you do what you do now."

The man replied coldly and cut off her words.

He sat down in front of a few steps and barely looked down at Seoyeon.

With the advent of a stranger, the two positions were quickly reversed.

"There's just caught the killer who has distracted the command system."

"Huh ..."

The woman who appeared was a strange eye to Seoyeon.

She looked dangerous as a torch that was getting off. In the meantime, I was hate with my eyes to Baek Il -yong, but it was clear that it wasn't long.

"... Recognition hippopotamus. Your magical skills are so good that you can't find an unprecedented. The evaluation that it is a unique talent that will go beyond the future is never confusing."

He opened his mouth coldly, looking down at the end of his breath.

"I was always in mind about my father, but it was to avoid revealing the dagger in that."

"Ha, ha ...!"

"So I expected it for a moment. If you wanted to defeat yourself, I was willing to risk my life. A terrible desire for power. Even the ability to support him.

"Hah, Doc ... hitting ...! Who wants to do that ...!"

Seo Yeon raised his blood, but soon lost his posture and plummeted back to the floor.

The man staring at Seoyeon sighed as if he was pathetic.

"But me I'm very disappointed. The reason why he put a knife from his father was just the last day. I've seen it again for a while ... "

He soon turned.

And I shook my head to the woman.

"Now I will go directly to the front. You will be able to fulfill what you promise. Kill the realists of the military and confuse the command system over there."

"Yes, yeah."

"Oh, there's one more thing to do before that."

Then he turned his head and sent a indifferent eyes to Seoyeon.

"Kill that."

"Hmm ... is it really okay? What do I say like this, but no matter how much I say ..."

"I don't have a daughter. I'll do it quickly."

The man immediately turned around, breaking the words of a woman stretching as if they were teasing.

"...joy."

The woman lightly shrugged her lips and shrugged her shoulders.

Then, without writing any magic, he made dozens of sharp particles in a moment and floated in the air.

"Well, that's it."

And I talked about the collapsed Seoyeon.

"I'm sorry. This is because there's something like this. But I don't have to worry too much."

"Ha, ha ..."

"I'll be awesome soon. I don't have a hobby of bothering me? Still, the bright color is an anthropologist. I can't do it."

It was too kind enough to feel mocked.

Until there is no headlights, they will bring dozens of blades at once, and there is a strange movement that cannot be explained by magic.

Before Seoyeon's eyes, the beings were closer to living disasters than magic.

The woman's identity was not known. However, it was only divided into bones that it was clinging to 100 days without anyone knowing.

Thanks to her, her last decision was broken in vain.

Seo Yeon has become a situation where even atonement cannot be done properly. Perhaps this situation itself might be.

Rather than counting someone's heart, he has fallen to her, who only cares for a deep wound.

If so, it might be a good job to humbly accept death.

"Well ... well?"

The woman in front of her bounced her finger.

At the same time, dozens of particle decision blades, rich in the air, were roughly flooded with her.

It was fierce as if he would tear her body just by the sound of the wind. However, Seo Yeon closed her eyes instead of response.

Perhaps because of the pouring blood, the consciousness was blurred. In the moment when it feels like a terrible time. Anyway, she is a hill with a cool mountain breeze It was in.

The sun was warm and the white flowers were in full bloom. And when she was young, she faced someone and lying on her eternal happiness.

"..."

Seoyeon's mouth came to mind. At the end, the last was a pleasant encyclopedia. She touched the cheap ring on her left finger and reflected on the touch. I don't forget it forever.

I prepared the pain to come.

"...?"

But soon she shook her head. It's been a few seconds, but I didn't feel the pain of tearing my body at all. On the contrary, I heard a warm light wrapped around her body.

And what I heard was the voice of someone I missed and missed all the time.

"I'm still going a lot."

"uh...?"

The snow that I was wound did not open, and she spit out lightly.

Over the blurry field of view, the shiny light powder was scattered like the sky. The well -held sharp particles were not even traces. It was a scene that seemed to have returned to particles for a moment by something.

Soon after, she fell to her side. But what I felt was not the texture of the cold ground, but the hard and warm part of someone.

"There's nothing changed."

Soon after, the nostalgic voice came back to her as if she was.

"When I was young, now ..."

"Hyun ... this ...?"

And in the hazy boundary of that dream and reality.

The rest of the warmth of the body, and finally Seo Yeon completely released the consciousness.

***

How long is it to see this child so close?

However, there was no sense of being unfamiliar.

Long eyelashes, elegantly tailed eyes, dense and sharp eyes.

Because all that appearance is still good in memory.

When I saw a stunned kite, the feeling crossed. I think it's only fortunate that I have no hatred or resentment.

"oh..."

And I was admired I lifted my head. A gorgeous woman was dropping her mouth as she covered her mouth. Like I saw a prince in a fairy tale.

I could know that right away without asking. The second time, the second and strangely friendly and familiar sense of the sensation was already around.

And it was not so difficult to recognize a man with a mess in the back.

"you...!"

And unlike a woman, angered man was distorting his face.

"The dog of the black lotus ... I dare to step into the main house of Pacheon ...! "

It is the difference between the gentleman's appearance at the hearing a few weeks ago. Is there no need to hide your nature anymore?

First of all, I looked at the comfort of Yeon.

I saved it just before, but it is not a good situation.

Although he was hurt, he had already shed too much blood. If the wizard's strong body is a strong body, it is not difficult to recover, but it is in an emergency right now.

In this situation, two to one is a group of units. Even my condition is also on the bottom.

I had already felt a crowd just by strengthening my body to reach here.

That 100 days is a human being, but the ruins of him and Pacheon are already obvious.

Witches are also a living creature that must be eliminated, but the flesh is never a priority over the survival of Yeon.

I was able to make a quick decision. Then there is only one answer.

First of all, leaving this place.

I carefully put it down on the outerwear. Then he turned his body and pushed them blade.

Then, Baek Il -yong laughed as if it was not ridiculous.

"Huh, it's still one thing that's right. What do you want to fascinate the successor of the Black Route?

"..."

Did Yeon say that?

I was deeply curious about what intentions I did ... but that's what it was later.

Rather, I stepped forward and refined the momentum. As if you were going to run to that side.

If you try to get out of this place, you just have a weakness. If so, we have no choice but to confront and find gaps. Or take time until the salvation army reaches.

The 100 -day dragon also stepped back, wary of me. He handed to the witch next to him.

"What are you doing. Don't kill them quickly."

"Eh? I hate it."

But somehow, the woman shook her head. Her unexpected behavior seemed to be absurd.

"What?"

"It's a human being with our power. Alpha is also lost, but how do I win that? I want to live for a long time. I die in this place ..."

"This, this is ...!"

She was still refusing to fight me. It is quite weird for a witch.

Is it a good help to be known? Polaris's power was also an overwhelming composition for them.

Then ... I only use this situation to the fullest.

"You know well. Your captain ran away like a dog."

But scared of it I was trying to take a step forward.

"If you wait a little, you'll make it the same ... Cool luck, cool luck ...!"

The cough bursts out of the way, and extreme pain bursts all over the body. I spit out a few blood bumps with my mouth. The power and magic that were filling the surrounding space also disappeared as if it were flashing again.

"Cool luck, big ...!"

I flew inside. The body of the ruined body. It's really useless. I just had to hold on a little bit more.

I barely coughed and took a posture again, but the situation has long been changed.

The woman in front of her was sent to me.

"Huh ..."

VNJ3DNYRXDANE9POGIXQ2ZRWSU1PDXREDI9CZM5HMGI0BC9LC1FVBGFON2IWBU1LWGN1WVHTVFLSUFFQUW

Then he squeaked the tongue.

"If you do this ... the story is a little different?"

******************************* Chapter 232 *******************************

At the same time, at the same time, the woman's body began to flutter like a hazy. Soon she melted and disappeared in the air without a trace. Like when it first appeared.

The blade was close to the body and constantly wounded in everywhere, but I couldn't feel her anywhere.

Suddenly, something stabs the nerves in the rectangle behind the back.

I instinctively turned it and cut it immediately.

Someone's forearm, like a sharp window, fell to the floor with a thorough sound.

"Ha, ha ..."

"Wow ... did you hit it?"

Someone who sees the scene begins with admiration.

The woman who disappeared soon appeared in front of him and was surprised to stop his mouth. Like praising the child who has taken the first step.

And her forearm, which she had cut, sprouted from the empty area as if new flesh was raised.

"Hey ... you're really fast ...?"

She stood up and stared at me.

"It's the first time that you react in that street. After all, you didn't say that you did not beat Legulus ... if you were in good shape ... I might have lost it."

"shut up!"

As she jumps in and wields the blade, she disappears again like a fog.

In the midst of looking around with a sense of sensation. Suddenly, I turned around in a hurry.

And right in front of Yeon -yi, who does not even mobe as if he was dead.

From the earth, his arms popped out and were on the verge of drawing her neck.

"no!!"

-Recure!

I flew like rolling and cut it out. The soil is overwhelmed and the floor is rolled up and you can hear someone's fluttering laughter.

"Well ..."

"Great! Is great!"

The woman on the street again was applauding.

"At that reaction speed, fuselage vision ...! It's the best of the human beings so far!

"Ha, ha ...!"

It is very unpleasant to feel like a zoo monkey. I was wondering that I could not feel the enemy or murder in a woman. If you think about the nature of that creature.

"Yes, I'm doing this in this taste ..."

"What are you doing now?"

The woman nodded with a happy smile.

Someone shouted as if I wouldn't see it anymore.

In the meantime, the hundreds of thousands of the hundred face were sent to her.

"Come on, process them and the next goals ...!"

And the atmosphere changed quickly.

The roar is enough to eat ears Soon after this ringing, a strong shock wave was violent. When the dust was lifted, I could see a huge crater dug directly under the feet of Baekil Yong.

It was a huge speed that could not be easily reacted.

"Oh, really noisy ... Hey, don't you see you having a good time now?"

And a cold woman laid him up and threatened.

"Or are you asking you to kill first? Is that? If you wish you can't listen?

"큭 ..."

"If you understand it, it will go out quickly. I will do my job. If you feel nervous, you won't really see it at that time?"

It was a hundred days who distorted their faces as if they were unpleasant, but soon shook their heads. There was no choice for him.

Soon the man turns around and disappears towards the city center. As mentioned earlier, it seemed to be a way to confront the troops. Anyway, did you think it was like a dead life?

"Anyway, crawling on the topic of the lower life ... I have done so well in the meantime ..."

The woman sighed as if she had removed the annoying bugs.

"Hmm, Now! There was a turmoil for a while.

Then I turned back and stared at me.

As if the broken light bulbs flashed, the power of power and magic that returned instantly rotated in the body.

I did not miss the gap. I immediately approached the woman and wielded the blade backside.

"Sleep, wait ... !!"

The destination is, of course, the head of a woman. She just disappeared and was rolling her feet with embarrassment, rather than avoiding attacks. It seemed that I could not exercise my own abilities because of my entry into the scope of my power.

Soon the blade cut off her arms and digs into the brow.

But just before cutting the woman's head in half.

As a low tide retreated, the power that flowed over my body was cut off again, and I became naked, so I lost its balance because I couldn't overcome the acceleration.

And the witch in front of you became fog again and scattered.

"Huh, it was dangerous ..."

And the woman who fell away from the distant teeth sighed and swept the chest. With no trace of cutting it, with a vivid play.

"Oh, the more you look at it, the more amazing ..."

She smiled as if she was interesting to see me.

"How is a man's power? Are you losing? I can't afford it? "

The woman who answered the advisory asked me a question to me.

"Hey, hey. What are you doing with Polaris?

"Do you think I'll answer you?"

I do not know the truth too. It was a word that was pure to scrape even the nerves.

But the woman did not respond much. It was only a pity.

"Pretending to be expensive. I don't want to tell you. If you open your head and find out."

well. If you open it, you will not get it.

And her body becomes fog again and scattered into the air.

Soon after, indiscriminate attacks began to pour out of the square. I was also busy to prevent particle blades and biological tissues that dig into the spot. I had to pay attention to the kite as well as me.

Considering the enemy's identity, it is a very cumbersome attack. If you think of the powerful power of the witch creature, you can easily do it by sweeping this area.

My desperate defense seemed to be interested in witches.

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVAFZHA0LNVAFLTU3FUVKFFFFFFFAWHUWZULDUTC9CYKYRTVOD0UVDMDZQ3BZMA

It's a struggle for me, but for that creature, it's really close to play or inquiry.

"Great, it's really great."

The sound of laughter sticks to your ears like a sticky fog. Even if you swung the blade in evil, it did not quickly disappear. Only the raw stomach engraved on my body will only increase.

No matter how powerful it is, this makes sense. I can't guess the principle.

Witches can handle particles freely. Perhaps it is a food that moves quickly through particles full of atmosphere.

If so, what is needed now is the range of magic. It is also the highest level.

To deal with that, at least you have to put the entire space under control.

And that means that the false with me is the worst.

Although the proposal of the Black Route is a magic that specializes in one -on -one, it strengthens my body and does not have much effect on the surrounding space.

Damn, even if you return to your place, even if you have power ...

-Fu.

And suddenly. A terrible pain that seems to scrape the nerves of the back.

Three or four particles were digging their backs at once. I was able to barely hit them before they dig deep.

"Hey, Heo. ..! "

But in the end, the tired body collapses. The blades were plugged into the back and barely falling down on the ground.

"Eh ... what, already ...?"

Soon after, a woman who disappeared with a sloppy movement appeared again. The unfortunate face, the face, was smooth without a small raw. Contrary to me.

"I'm just trying to get rid of it ... How can I do a little ...? Yeah ...?"

She walked again and walked in front of me. And I bowed in front of me and my upper body standing up with my body.

It was a strange pupil with no focus.

"... so. Now is the limit."

"Ha, ha ..."

"But it was really fun. I was showing that movement while my body was torn. Maybe I had accumulated more experience, it might have been a great wizard ...."

The voices of a woman are gradually blurred. This is really wild. I ran to the best, and I couldn't do anything and died.

I thought it grew a bit. After all, is there no change with the past?

'no...'

But I kept my back and remembered someone, and I shook my head.

Still better than two years ago. I didn't stun helplessly, and I even stood with my own feet.

Can you feed the last one somehow? Luckily, if power comes back, it might be possible to be minimal.

If you can keep it like that ...

"That, you have it. Do you want to listen to my suggestion?"

"what?"

And in the voice of a witch who talked about it, I looked up.

The enemy still didn't feel the enemy.

I was very confused because I couldn't guess the intention. But if you consider my position to take some time, it was a chance to be like a heavenly gold.

"Hmm Hmm, I'm late in introduction. I'm Vega. I study your ecology ...

And scared of the question, the witch opened his mouth and began to explain.

"Cool luck ...! Anthropologist ...?"

"I don't think it's hard. Miss scholar, insect scholar. You have such a job? It's roughly similar."

So, from that point of view, is we something like a beast or an insect? Listening is an unpleasant remark.

"And it's the only one to remember you forever. After the unity, everything will be crushed without a trace."

The woman shook her head. uh Anyway, the expression of my discomfort is not a priority. I have no choice but to match that.

"... that's a proposal for such a great being ... what the hell?"

And he said with a smile as if a woman waited.

"Multi -breeding experiment."

"...what?"

I don't know that the door pops out. The other side of the suggestion is the other. Something like a subordinate, a spy.

Of course, I don't want to listen, but I was able to respond not to be difficult to draw time.

But what is this ...?

"Are you curious? What will it pop out in the future if our race and your race combine?"

"..."

And the woman began to speak with a wet look.

"The subject is me and me. Of course, I don't see it, but the body composition of this body has changed completely with us. I was curious all the time, but I had to be an opponent. Oh, I can't save it. How much will you be able to extend your life?

"Rejection."

And I couldn't stand it anymore, and I cut off the words that poured out like a fast shooter.

"huh...?"

"Rejection. It's a monster."

In the treatment of the toy, there was a rising anger.

"Dare that ridiculous bullshit ...!"

And I was trying to scream in anger.

Suddenly.

Someone's voice, which I haven't heard for a while, sounds my ears.

"Yeah. As an educator, it's a bullshit that I can't hear."

"Huh ...? Who's here now ...

And the witch's face that confirmed the signs turned into thought.

Soon after, with the sound of ringing the ear, the dazzling light exploded at her place.

******************************* Chapter 233 *******************************

In the middle of the hollow land, the smoke of smoke rose. The creatures that were just standing there were no time.

Soon after, someone slowly appeared over the fog of the battlefield.

At first glance, a beautiful woman with a cold and dense impression.

But the one in it is a deep writers who are called the most powerful wizard in history.

"Principal ... teacher ...?"

"I think it's going to be ruined ... dare to touch someone else's student ...!"

It's been a long time since it was the voice of the sunset. I was able to feel her anger and discomfort flowing down every syllable.

Is it because the students of the academy, who are the principals, are terribly beaten? It is a very different sight for me who has grumbled every time.

Still, adults are adults.

Hae -hwa, who had just changed his teeth, turned to me and turned to me.

"... I've been seeing it for a long time.

And I was able to immediately notice what's different from before.

Somehow, the look of a more cool airflow. In the wind, the purple eye patch is surrounded by the hair. It seemed to have been torn and prepared for her favorite dress.

I was just covering one eye, but because of my face, I was almost half of my face.

In many ways, it looks more like a warrior of reversal than a ridiculous and memorable magic. Seeing him seemed to feel her hardships in the last few weeks.

"Live ... You were ...? And that eye ...?"

"Where did you want this body to die so easily? It's ridiculous. I haven't made a source yet ..."

"Biwon ...?"

I asked because I was bewildered, but the principal casually turned a hot topic.

"There is something like that. And I don't have to worry about my eyes.

"Light ..."

"It's okay. Rather, it's better to see everything clear.

And she rolled her eyes and watched the front.

"It's been a long time since I came home and tried to relax, but I think it's going to be in full swing here ..."

"You, you, you ...!"

And fog gathered over the acting of the front, and the witch appeared again. I wanted to die in a blow, but unfortunately that doesn't look like that.

"Uh, how ...!"

Anthropologist Vega, the witch who introduced himself was urgently shouted at the principal.

There was no relaxing sign of that color.

"minute, Obviously ... I saw you died in the self -destruction of Sadalmelik ...? "

"Huh, did you think this body would be self -destructive. It's a bug, so even if it's a hope, it's one -dimensional."

I barely smiled as if Haehwa was not funny.

Soon she watched the witch with her eyes sank.

It was her cold side that she had never shown to me.

"... Well, thanks to you, I had a lot of trouble. The sacred place collapsed, and the soldiers and the southern headquarters were killed ..."

She took a step forward.

"Your sins are heavy. This will not be dare to pay back."

"Monster, monster ... You're really human? Actually, we are a member of our lost memory ..."

"...monster?"

Haewolhwa stopped. The bodies came out of her. It was clear that the witch's words touched something like her inverted.

"... I can't say anything to a woman in the middle of the time. I can guess that there is no human mind just by pouring the end. If so, it's obvious which monster is."

The principal's words had a clear money, but the tone was still calm. Like declaring a truth so natural.

And the witch walked back in the temple was blocked by the wall and stopped.

"Lee, profit ...!"

-The witch looked back in front of you and grinded the principal like a wild animal. Like trying to make a private decision.

And when I confirmed the movement of some kinds of movements, I urgently shouted at the principal.

"Be careful! That witch is scattered like a fog and uses the power that appears again!

"Fog? You use all the tricks."

However, the principal did not care about it without care.

"Well, those things have been like that ..."

And the new type of woman who was whitening disappears again without a trace. Wolhwa was standing on the side and it was my side.

Rather than returning, even the vision was getting darker. It's only my way to stand in front of Yeoni. The principal can't help.

Soon she started to draw something in the air with her arms and graceful gestures.

In the middle of the magic that rotates the air slowly. Soon, the dazzling light came to mind that the sun was unintentionally on the ground.

And thousands of strands of lightning from there It started to flood.

-bang! Quang!

"To pull down the hidden things in the shadow, there's nothing like this."

Everything around it becomes ashes. It was hard to raise my head properly because of the unbearable wind.

The principal was only standing in the midst of this.

Suddenly, she turned to a point and turned her head exactly.

"Are you hiding there?"

-bang! Quang!

And hundreds of strands of lightning flashed and flooded at one point. It was something that I could hear.

"No, no ... !! I'm still ...!"

"Noisy. Do you die soon. I want to take a break now."

The principal inadvertently urges the witch's death. I heard a bizarre scream over the flashing lightning.

"Kiik !!

Now, not only vision, but also consciousness. Everything was whitish as if it was over the border.

"Well, don't worry."

Beyond that, the whispering principal's voice warmly digs into the ear.

"If you wake up and wake up, everything will be over."

And finally, I completely let go of the consciousness.

***

Seo Yeon, who was lying in the bed, opened his eyes.

She looked at the ceiling. Then he turned his head and stared outside the window with warm sunshine. She wrote her lips in a landscape of peace.

"dream...?"

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013EMF4C3JIZLGYD05LCVFYEWJAEDRMBWxmmmmmmmmvmmmV4VEL3SE5ONVVNQNRMEG

She thought she had a very long dream. I didn't remember the exact content, but it was clear that it was a terrible nightmare.

It was like walking long and long tunnels. The end of that terrible despair. Seo Yeon was able to think of the warmth of the man who reached out to him again.

Even the texture of the hard and reliable arms.

And in that passage, she was more convinced that she had just been out of her dream.

It was no longer a sense of hugging him to hug him.

It was clear that he was rebellious against his father and was hit by an unknown being. However, because of the blurry consciousness, I was mistaken for a moment as a reality.

Perhaps since then, Seo Yeon thought so that the suppression army would have moved him to the ward.

"..."

Seo Yeon had a lonely smile in his mouth.

very It's been a long time, but at one time she lived a life very close to her bed.

Seo -yeon moaned in the pain that seemed to stab her body with a needle. And a boy who kept her worried eyes all night long.

Even if you don't want to think of it, the memories of being soaked in the body naturally causes the nostalgia of childhood.

It will never come back again, and it is a sweet memory like a dream.

After sighing lightly, Seo Yeon only looked at her body.

I don't know how long I spent my consciousness, but I could see that I had been undergoing extreme care.

The well -organized hair was shiny. No frustration or stiffness was felt at all, and the freshness of the freshness was on her whole body.

I still felt a bit of pain near the stomach where the hole was drilled, but when I saw it, it seemed to be doing well without problems.

... It wasn't a good situation.

I couldn't think of anything as if my head was empty. In the beginning, I was prepared to throw everything in my life, so I didn't think about it afterwards.

And Seo Yeon was just trying to raise the upper body.

"... where is the call bell ... huh?"

She found something and forgot to stop.

There was a trace of heated nursing overnight.

A bucket filled with water was carefully wiped out her body.

And ... to Lee Hyun who fell in love with a lying position.

******************************* Chapter 234 *******************************

A Parisian girl lying in the bed.

A boy who fell asleep while nursing such a girl all night.

Even though it was a painful day, it was that I missed my heart deeply.

I was so familiar and familiar, but I thought I would never come again.

Seo Yeon closed her eyes, and then turned round again.

Maybe you're still in a dream.

Maybe I've seen it because I listen to the painkillers so well.

"..."

But even if I blinked a few times, the world unfolded in front of her did not change.

On the contrary, the breathtaking breathing sounded small and tickling her ears.

Seo Yeon raised his hand blankly.

Then he pinched his ball hard.

"Ha ha ha ...!"

And what I felt straight was a tingling and tingling pain.

How hard he pinched, she spit out the painful moan.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013KYTPTK8xvbbbbn4m0vmtWJ5ZFRYEDLYZJCVBVLTMKC3NFPRODWUZJQQ

"Uh, uh, uh ...?"

Seo Yeon didn't know what to do and was restless.

The eyes of the man lying down with the upper body seemed to flash at the moment, and soon he raised his body.

The five senses that are too vivid to dream were also enough noise to wake someone.

When the man who got up went murmured, sweeping his matted hair.

"Obviously, no one should be in the room until there is a separate instructions ..."

Then he stopped talking.

His gaze was awakened to Seoyeon, who did not know what to do.

I looked at it for a while.

Soon after seeing her, I just spit out one word.

"thank god."

It was a word that a lot of core pressed.

***

"Baek Il -yong was arrested by the suppression army in the field. Now he is in prison in Anhwa Prison.

The monotonous and low man's voice resonated like a drowsy lullaby.

"But the Pacheon will not be extinguished. I was able to stop the rebellion because you pushed the work in advance. It would be normal to stop the hundred days.

Seo Yeon was listening to his words that mechanically wrote the situation.

She was on a battlefield of blood and binge. Follow the reality that came in. It was too hard.

Of course, my lips tickled with my curiosity.

Why is it so much that you care for yourself?

Why is it not a competitor of hostile families ...

But when she was worried about ruining this atmosphere, she could not open her mouth.

Seoyeon was enjoying the sweetness of honey.

This time was a valuable moment for her to change anything.

The miscellaneous things such as 100 days and Pacheon were just good things.

"The wound heals well, but I still have to stabilize for the time being."

"Uh ...? Uh, yeah."

Somehow, Seoyeon was embarrassed, but he gave the answer.

The man who heard her answer nodded as if he was relieved.

And after seeing an empty water bottle next to the bed, he was just trying to get up.

"Wait a minute ...."

"Hyuna !!"

The man lost his balance at the moment. At the same time, the head of the head is falling and the sound of the floor rings the room loudly.

Seoyeon reflexively stumbled up and hurriedly escaped the bed to see a man.

"Hyuna !! Okay ... Ah ...?"

And when she found something, she could not speak.

Introduction of dreams and painkillers were increasingly visible when they were lying in the bed.

The body of a man who sat down was full of large and small raw stomachs.

Underneath the cuffs that were dried, I saw a bandage covering the entire arm.

It was not just arms, but the entire upper body was wrapped like clothes.

It was possible to know that he was seriously injured.

"ah..."

Seoyeon bites his lips.

The scene was only telling one fact.

Again, the boy saved Seoyeon's life.

Again, sacrifices themselves, recklessly like fools.

With the pain of Cook's chest, Seo Yeon recalled the terrible original sin he had committed to him.

"My feet are a little twisted. I'm not a big deal ..."

And it was around when a man was trying to murmurely mutter in a voice that felt unhappy.

With the sound of the sound, Seoyeon sat down as if it was destroyed on the floor of a cold room.

I couldn't see his eyes.

I could not see the white mask that covered the scars he had lessed.

I shook my head like that.

Seo Yeon finally opened his lips and spit out a trembling voice.

"why.. Did you get? "

"..."

"Why, why did you save me ...?"

"..."

"I said so badly to you ... I left you and left me ... Why the hell ..."

And it was a low man's voice.

"... I have something to ask."

I hear a sound that seems to be around my arms. Soon, Seo Yeon felt his arms stretched out in the future.

And Seo Yeon, who was very eye -catching, soon found out the things on his palm.

In the old ring, the traces of the burned on the fire remained powerful. Like a scar that does not heal.

It was the ring that she had cherished in the past two years.

"... this ring."

The man who wrote a mask, asking a question to Seoyeon.

"Why ... did you have?"

"..."

Seo Yeon shook her head again. But in the end, he opened his mouth and answered his questions.

"... try not to forget."

"What?"

"thee."

"..."

Her shoulders trembled. The voice was getting wet in the voice.

"And ... things that made you like that."

"...why?"

There was also confusion in the man's voice. While he was dealing with Seo -yeon, he tried to hide his casuality.

"... to kill everything."

Her mouth was constantly accumulated like a collapsed dam.

"The theatrical end ... 100 days ... Pacheon ... I'm trying to burn all the things that hurt you ..."

***

Long and heavy silence fell between them. Seo Yeon only looked up and looked at the man.

He was also looking at her, too hard.

"...why?"

The man who barely mouth spit out a trembling voice.

"To you ... why ... where are you?"

"... I love you."

"But you ... I have a fiancé who loves ..."

"I don't have any fiancée to me."

"..."

And Seo Yeon shook her head hard this time. Unlike the attitude that I was careful about all the time, it was very intense reaction.

The man who heard Seo -yeon's words bowed slightly and headed to the sky. And he mumbled in a voice that felt vain.

"I see."

"..."

"Well ... uh."

It was a bit too hard to breathe because of the cold season. However, Seo Yeon also realized that this was the last chance.

The last opportunity to deliver a true apology to him.

"Sorry."

In a wet voice, Seoyeon finally opened his mouth.

"I can't do it for you. I dare to make your heart I couldn't tear it like that ... "

"... it must have been hard."

"uh...?"

But it was a voice of someone who seemed to comfort her.

In the calm ringing that seemed to cover even the confession, Seo Yeon had a rebellion.

And she raised her head.

Two gray eyes, full of compassion for Seo -yeon and only galaxy, stared at her.

"In the meantime ... it must have been a lot of hard."

"..."

As if Seoyeon heard an unbelievable joke, he looked at the white mask. The loving hair was long along the head.

"... huh."

And she gradually began to shake her shoulders. It was a trembling excitement to leak through the gums that were tight.

"Yeah ... it was hard ... Huh ... Really ... really a lot ..."

She nodded her head. The man silently accepted the sadness of Seoyeon.

"Without you ... I think it's left in this world ... huh ... really ... it's hard ..."

Seo Yeon, who was sitting down, spit out the words of the apple.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry ... I'm all because of me. Because of me, I'm sorry for me ... I'm so sorry ... Black ... I should have said earlier."

"..."

"It was really good. It was so good to see you again ...

The formed sorrow dripping down and soaked the floor.

"It was all a lie. It was a sound that was not in the heart.

"I made you ... I made your face like that. I ruined your life. If you left you alone ... it's never ..."

Under the clear sky, raindrops were falling and falling hard.

"I'm sorry ... I'm really ... sorry ... huh ..."

******************************* Chapter 235 *******************************

"Huh ... I'm sorry ... everything is my fault ... I'm sorry ... I'm ... you ..."

I didn't know that the sad crying would stop. In his sinful heart, Seo Yeon bowed her head and dropped her tears.

Instead of resentment, he could hardly face the man's face that covered his faults.

And it was Lee's voice that seemed to soothe her friendly.

"... you are always late."

Soon after, it feels a bit of weight. And the warmth of something warm.

"Huh ... suck ..."

Seo Yeon gently raised his head. Her face was still in tears. Seo Yeon couldn't figure out the situation and looked at only the man.

The long fingers were rounded away from side to side, gently stroking Seoyeon's hair. Like dealing with valuable works of art.

"Even when I first met, it's the same now."

It was a weak movement, but it was full of comfort. He was focusing on comforting her as if the wounds were engraved on him.

"I thought it changed a lot ... It's the same as before."

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013MLLLLUMVTSC9TB1NQRVHEVTSCC9TB1NQRVHKKR3U0NMWELKL3FBADU2BEXSUFHQYQ

"Huh ..."

"I know the kite I know ... Really ... it hasn't changed ..."

Tears rose again in the golden eyes that looked at him. Soon, Seo Yeon shed tears as he distorted the face.

"Black ... I'm sorry ..."

So in the hospital room, the crying sounded for hours.

***

"I'm sorry ... I'm sorry ..."

Lee has already been listening to the same apology a few hundred times. The crying was frequent, but Seo Yeon repeatedly apologized to him with a bunch of red eyes.

The lady who finally acknowledges her wrongs after she was stubborn and smoked her.

It has been a long time since he.

But is it because I already put down a lot of burdens?

It is not possible to reverse the carved scars, but somehow he was able to accept this scene comfortably.

"It's okay to stop now."

"Well ..."

Seo Yeon, who had a nose, barely stopped apologizing only after hearing several times.

And when he regained his reason, his face began to rise little by little. I can't be ashamed of the ferocious appearance I just saw.

The redness of the red skin was pale enough to be pale. Lee Hyun and Dozer Seo Yeon, who could not meet his eyes, was only a half -hearted hair.

The two left the bed and chair left and squatted on the floor. Like those days when they sneaked into the warehouse and blossomed.

It was a conversation that began to turn to the topic, but once opened, it was continuing without knowing how to stop.

In the meantime, Seo Yeon struck Lee Hyun. And I still asked in a voice.

"Magic ... How can I use it ... I can ask ...?"

"magic?"

"Yes. So ... that ..."

Seoyeon blurred the horse. Even though Lee Hyun, who had been completely insensitive, was able to use magic, he seemed to be reluctant to contain the word in his mouth.

But Lee Hyun opened his mouth.

"...I don't know either."

"I don't know ...?"

"Yeah. Just one day I was able to write suddenly. There was no sign of flowering ..."

"I see..."

Seo Yeon nodded as if it were amazing without doubt.

"It's amazing ... Somehow, we both became a wizard ... I never thought of it at that time ..."

Then he looked at Lee Hyun and had a smile.

"I'm glad ... right ...?"

"..."

I couldn't even notice it. At the moment of Lee Hyun's face, dark light passed by. Seo Yeon, who saw Lee Hyun silently silently, squeezed his head.

"Hyuna?"

"... No. You're right. Really ... I'm glad."

"...?"

"Anyway, if it wasn't for the day, I would have lived without knowing the magic of the lifetime."

No one read his inner inside as much as Seoyeon. Lee Hyun quickly turned to the topic.

And Seo -yeon, who listened to Lee's past, opened his eyes rounded.

"So Sa Jae -hyuk ... No, they saved you ...?"

"huh."

Lee Hyun nodded on the floor and leaned on the wall.

"If the leader and sisters didn't appear, I would probably die."

"읏 ..."

Seo Yeon couldn't lift his head again. They were silver who saved Lee Hyun, who almost ended his life because of himself. But he even insulted and mocked them in Lee's face.

"Mi, I'm sorry ... I'm really ..."

"It's."

This time, it was Lee Hyun's side to shake his head as if it was not insignificant.

"How did you know that?"

"That, though, but dare to be like that ..."

"Okay. Everyone other than you are like that I knew. And even if I think about it, I can hear that. It was very brilliant. The harassment is a few other assaults in the case ... So I hear the sound of the black lotus ... "

As Lee Hyun was evoking the mood, he was jokingly joking.

"I don't know how such a human beings were president. I was so bad in the troops. I don’t even give me rice all three days, I can't roll all day in the mud, and I'm dazzling all the time."

"You're beating you ...?"

"Yeah. If you think about it, you're still nervous."

"..."

Lee Hyun shrugged his shoulders lightly. Seo Yeon's expression, which he didn't know, cooled off at the moment.

"But anyway ... I'm a precious person for me."

And Lee Hyun, who was looking at her with a light smile, opened her mouth again.

"So ... I'm sorry next time.

"...okay."

Seoyeon nodded.

"I'll apologize for a formal apology. Whatever the compensation of apology ..."

"That's it ..."

Lee Hyun shook his hand in the appearance of Seoyeon who burned his motivation. Subsequently, the story of a crushed call went between the two.

"But ... can you just ask me ...?"

In the meantime, Seo Yeon again twisted her hair and squeezed Lee Hyun.

"What is it?"

"Really ... I didn't change either ...?"

In terms of signs, I seemed to have Lee Hyun's words in my heart all the time.

Half -exile life. And the central life started as a member of the prestigious Pacheon.

The difference between the two is so obvious that there is no need to be needed.

Non -natural, faithful nutritional supplies that are interlocked with growth. And every day to work on delicate care.

With the intense result that appeared, she was able to settle in the central stage by catching the attention of everyone in a short time.

However, this is not to faithfully match the taste of one person, not individual satisfaction.

From one hair to the end of the toe, there was no place in every corner of her body.

Since he was deeply penetrated since he was young, Seo Yeon dared to be proud to know his taste better than anyone else.

It was until such a long and long road, finally arrived at the destination.

Only after asking a question, Seo Yeon just resent himself. Matted hair, a bunch of eyes. I was able to know that it would be a mess without having to look in the mirror.

And such In the meantime, she was eagerly waiting for her owner's evaluation.

"..."

Seo Yeon swallowed a saliva in a tranquil room. It was fortunate that I was so nervous that I couldn't realize it myself.

"...no."

And Lee Hyun, who was watching Seo -yeon, finally shook his head.

Then he looked upright and opened his mouth slowly.

"More ... it's pretty."

"Uh, uh ...? Really ...?"

Seoyeon was embarrassed. Even though it was an anticipated answer all the time, I could not maintain any calm at all.

"Yeah. I really didn't know. Really ... I thought it was dazzling."

"Hi, Hi ... Stop ..."

And the man continued to speak as if he did not know the shame. Seo Yeon's face, who had only heard a short appreciation, came up with a swelling flush again.

Along with the heat of the harvest, she bowed her head to the floor.

"Ha, ha ..."

On the other hand, I could hardly hide my mouth. He was so embarrassed, but that man who was as casual as everyday life was a bit slim.

But more than that, his friendly words were very happy.

"Go, thank you ..."

Later, Seo -yeon, who had settled his feelings, raised his head and coughed a couple of times.

"You, you are cooler too ..."

Then he saw Lee Hyun while he kneel down.

"It's taller ...

Then he hurriedly added.

"Radish, of course, it was good ...! At that time, it was like a cute dog ... and then there is another charm ... So ...

Seoyeon mumbled his lips to see if the tongue was twisted. Because of the twisted hair, the neat straight hair was curly.

Lee Hyun, who looked at her, had a calm smile in his mouth.

"...thank you."

"Huh ..."

And Seo -yeon, who couldn't stand, eventually avoided her eyes.

It was not because I didn't like it, but I could hardly control the swelling mind without this.

It was a fluent atmosphere, but she tried to calm her heart.

There was still the most important conclusion.

"That, you are ..."

I wandered like that, and I finally decided to open my mouth.

"We ... Can't we go back like before ...?"

And Seo Yeon closed her eyes. Suddenly, my heart was so thumping that I was so nervous.

Of course, the hopeful hope is also There was. It was a natural expectation for her to see a man who had the same warmth as before.

But after a while.

The word that came back was a word that crushed the hope of Seoyeon.

"...Sorry."

"uh...?"

And Seo Yeon opened his eyes desperately.

In the eyes of the turbid grayish eyes that see her, there was a vanity that could not be called.

Lee Hyun of hesitating significantly had no words for a while. Finally, I opened my mouth and spit out.

"There's a person waiting ..."

******************************* Chapter 236 *******************************

The stone was stuffy. The huny wind that was overwhelmed by the room cooled down.

"Maybe ... that person ..."

Seo Yeon, who grabbed her chest with her pain, asked in a dripping voice.

"Minha ... hey ...?"

"..."

Lee Hyun's mouth still came to mind with a lonely smile. A moment of silence passed and he slowly nodded.

"huh."

"Huh ..."

Seo Yeon moaned as if it were painful. The mistake of the past felt like a throat again. She bowed her head and muttered in a voice in a sense of self -desire and despair.

"That's right ... too ... I made you ... I made it like that ... I don't want to see it or not ..."

"It's not that."

But Lee shook his head and immediately denied her words.

He stared at Seoyeon with the eyes of the complicated inside. Then slowly approached the window and looked over it.

The scars of the capital due to the rebellion were in full swing. Lee's blurred gaze was over him towards the horizon of the west side.

cradle. And he had a chestnut dormitory.

Maybe someone is waiting for it now.

"I don't hurt ... I won't say."

Lee Hyun, who looked at the wide open window, opened his mouth.

"When I thought I lost you after my family ... I was really painful. Really ... I want to pull my heart ..."

"Ugh ..."

"But ... now it's okay."

Lee Hyun, who approached Seo -yeon, who sat down again, shouted with her at eye level.

"I knew everything was a misunderstanding, how can I hate you."

And he overlapped his palms over the slender hand that supported the ground. With so much trembling so much that you can't notice.

"Moreover, you too ... I've endured the pain alone."

"Ha, but ..."

"Everyone has no choice but to make a mistake. You. And I'm still young.

"읏 ..."

It was a voice full of warmth that comforted her. That's why it was even more painful.

"... If you reunited with you a little earlier, it might have been like you said. But ... now ..."

Seo Yeon carefully raised her head. And he opened his mouth without power in a real voice.

"why...?"

And Lee Hyun, who thought for a while, said she.

"Minha senior ... I can't live without me."

"ah..."

Seoyeon spit out desperate sighs. That word is the world It was more terrible than any torture.

"It's too dangerous to leave it alone. I'm sorry and sorry ... I can't leave it alone ... like that ..."

Lee Hyun again headed the blurred gray eyes to the window.

"It's like ... like you before."

"..."

"You'll be able to do well. As you have done so far. You are enough ... because you have the ability to do it."

There was no voice from Seoyeon anymore. Lee Hyun, who was looking at her, talked as if he was comforting, but it was not comforting.

Lee Hyun, who confirmed the clock, cautiously raised his body. Even a handful of warmth that wrapped Seoyeon's hand was no longer.

"... I have to go now. I can't leave her alone."

And Lee Hyun's steps are far away. His touch was just trying to make a sound.

"Me, me too ... !!"

In the cry, he stopped.

Seo Yeon, who was stretched in the axis, looked up and looked at his back. The hair was matted and the blood of the round eyes was all red.

"Al, you know ... I don't ... if you don't ..."

"..."

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013N2LKQMDRWUNQMDRWUNQUNKDRWUNQUNKDWEZ5ENE5QWTUS0XMMM0RIOXCXAERNYKF3B2RJMUNHDQ

It was a desperate cry, but Lee Hyun was still not looking back at her. Nevertheless, Seo Yeon desperately appealed to him.

"I'm still going ...? Really ... really ...?"

Seo Yeon was eager to all gods in the world.

I just look back at him. And I hope his heart shakes his terrible shape.

"Like this ... only me ... left alone ...?"

"..."

His hand caught the door was trembling. Seo Yeon found that he was terribly anguish.

It was so painful that I was struggling at the moment that it would be a right choice to let go of him.

Pacheon and red. Two families who can never stand under the same sky.

In the meantime, it is too cruel to force a choice for a man who is like a wisteria.

Nevertheless, Seoyeon could hardly put Lee Hyun.

The pain of losing him forever is enough.

In the terrible terrible soul, Seoyeon prayed and prayed desperately.

Please choose yourself, not compassion.

But his choice did not change.

"...Sorry."

Many senses A short word was condensed. Soon after, it was the sound of the footprints that moved away from Seoyeon's room.

In the room where the warmth of the warmth was in early summer, only the cold chill was felt. Seo Yeon was just stretching his arms toward the empty air.

So Lee Hyun left her room.

***

I walked on foot without using regular traffic. Because my head was bursting, I felt a little need to organize my thoughts.

Yeon's crying voice was repeated hundreds of hundreds of times. There was a sense of awareness that she did something cruel to her.

Knowing the pain of being abandoned by someone, but forcing it to others.

I really can't use it.

And it was the general manager and sisters that came to mind.

He has never forgotten someone for more than decades.

Sisters who do not abandon their hearts of such a leader and follow him like a ghost.

You may not know the hearts of your sisters. Perhaps it was because he felt those feelings that he was excessively to his sisters every time.

What kind of heart was the leader of that time?

I want to go directly to the eastern ruins and receive counseling. I had to write a hundred days to reach.

The young guy is already getting rid of it, so I'm going to hit my head to think about it. Sisters will see it and make a sound to the leader.

Then, as soon as nothing happened, we talked. I was always listening to them, but this time I have a lot of stories.

If you hear that you haven't missed the first place all the time, you will like it as if your sisters will run. Maybe you want to hug me. Let's feel the warmth without hate this time. My sisters who are sorry for me are always in mind.

The leader will also be stunned on the outside and will be happy in the inside. That man was always that personality.

Perhaps the girlfriend was dating and asked. If you hear that there is a fiance, you will be surprised and upset.

And when I drag me back to the barracks, I would like to write it in moderation. He was concerned about my health all the time, and he called and asked again.

uh...

Then ... what should I say?

"...ah."

When I escaped from the swamp of thought, I stood in front of the main gate of the cradle.

Already around the area, the spider was falling thirsty. The trouble of walking on purpose was only more miscellaneous.

"ha..."

Now, in front of the familiar landscape, I sighed deep and sighed.

***

The fact that the principal was back was felt unknown in the air of the cradle. It was a great way to confirm the great presence of the sunshawing.

The leave of absence has been lifted up and the students are returning one after another. As many students have already come back, there were quite a lot of rooms on fire.

And next Monday, the bachelor's schedule will begin again.

The presence of witches will also be published, and students will also find out the background of the raid.

Through the front door, I used the back road to move to the dormitory. I couldn't say hello, and I was a little urgent because I was in comparison and a long time away.

And the appearance of a dormitory that is not visible was further fueled by my impatience.

The interior of the dormitory that entered it was dark. Only after strengthening the naps with a general -purpose circulatory magic, it was possible to identify the inside a little.

"..."

Everything is a mess. Like the character of compassion, the dormitory, which was neat without dust, was rolling around.

I didn't feel popular, so I jumped straight to the second floor where the bedroom was located.

Even if I pushed the slightly open bedroom door, there was still no compassion.

I thought it would be in the dormitory. What would happen in between?

And with the sense of something like a fog, I started to feel popular on the side of the bedroom where no one was.

And when I turned my body, I could only confirm the appearance of a familiar girl.

"senior?"

"..."

Somehow, the complexion was stood by blocking the flies. It seems to be as if I was blocking the road so I couldn't run away.

I'm glad that something happened to me.

I don't know how to say it, but ... I should say hello first.

"Senior, me came ..."

"Well. I thought about it."

And I quit my pity and opened my mouth. At first glance, the voice sank. It's nice to be welcomed or not.

"thought...?"

"huh."

Compassion was nodded small.

"Maybe I'm greedy. Maybe you should be next to Baekseoyeon ... so you might be happier.

"What ..."

"I thought long uh. While you don't come. In the dark darkness. Keep chewing alone ... "

"..."

"By the way, but ..."

I didn't think I heard my compassion. The compassion, who was speaking alone, closed his mouth.

And she seemed to lean her head, and she was torn down to the floor with the sound.

"I can't."

I was kneeling in front of me. It was very hard to follow the situation with her sudden behavior.

"Branch ... Please don't. Please ..."

And it was a small voice that came. It was not like her, so much depressed and even bite.

"No, don't go ..."

She was writing even respect.

******************************* Chapter 237 *******************************

"Really ... I'll do well ..."

"senior...!"

"I won't speak in the future ... I'll only be there ..."

"Senior, what are you doing. Wake up!"

I didn't care about my compassion.

"If you laugh and cry, I'll cry ... It's okay to hit it with an angry pool ..."

She continued to kneel and sat down.

"River, I won't rebel even if I'm forced to covet my body ... Lecture room or garden ... You can give you from where you want ..."

"Compassion!"

I could no longer hear such terrible words. I went straight and forced her to stand up.

And without a focus, he faced the two eyes, who had only tears.

I was able to notice her condition. Even the identity of the surrounding energy around the surroundings. I've already experienced it before.

This was a symptom of mental pollution.

"senior..."

I lost my strength and bite my lips.

Why? Mental pollution under compassion was improving rapidly. In recent years, this week has been very difficult without any expression of power.

I thought it was a bit lonely, but on the other hand, it was a bit lonely to not need my ability.

I don't know when it will be, but it was certain that my life would be faded before her.

But it was just about two days away ... Why the hell?

No way ... Did you shake your mind because of the possibility that I could choose a kite?

"..."

It was later to be caught up in mind. I immediately spread power from all directions to block the connection between compassion and spirit.

And the pupils under the compassion of me are gradually focused.

I urgently shook her.

"Senior! I have a spirit ..."

Pook.

And I buried my face in my chest without saying anything.

Her shoulders were hard. I was able to feel tight breathing as if it were evil.

Mental pollution has already been blocked. All I could say was to wrap her silently.

"..."

Silence spreads through the darkness of the night. I cheated on the situation of myself while reading a small bird in my arms.

The life of an orphans has changed rapidly in just a few weeks. Who should we blame?

Even the principal who was handed over a ridiculous request should be bruised.

No, this is my luggage.

I was willing to be forced by myself The chosen luggage.

As I seemed to be fierce in my arms, I looked down at the water compassion.

She was exhausted and exhausted and fell asleep. Still large tears are still hanging on the eyes.

I stroked my hair carefully.

After all, he is a woman who can't leave it alone.

***

With the official end of the leave of absence, a new state began.

The Academy also resumed the official education schedule that had been suspended.

"Now, today Dalian is here!"

The students standing with the signal of a single hair female professor fall off the pick. She drew a squeak in the evaluation book if she didn't like the students who were dull in a few days.

After finishing my tasks, I was relaxing with the students of the leading group. This is still easy.

I don't know how gold went, but is it not a pottery that looks fine.

Honestly, I could not feel a big difference from the past, just by applying a high -ranking magic to the whole body.

And I accidentally encountered Professor Shin Jae -yu, who looked back at the fallen students.

The female professor swept the eyes like a half moon and frowned and sent an unidentified signal.

"..."

I responded with embarrassment. Then she smiled and shook her finger and turned around.

If you are a professor, you should have a heavy weight. Of course, thank you for treating them all the time.

On the one hand, a little anxiety still occupied a corner of the chest.

That day.

It was a choice to prevent the explosion of half of the capital, but I caught my ability to the professors who gathered to prevent the core's runaway.

And if you are a wizard with common sense, no one will have to doubt the mysterious sight.

Even more in the situation where the existence of the witch is published in all thousands.

"But is it really ...? Witch ..."

"That's ...? Obviously criminals who appeared ten years ago ..."

"Fools, not that ..."

Soon after, the sound of the other students who was resting tickled the ear.

I used the power that could not be identified by modern magic. And the powerful enemy who appeared again over time.

Connecting them is not so difficult.

In other words, it means that it is not strange to drive me to hostile forces right now.

But none of the professors mention the work of the day before me. Just like Shin Jae -yu, he just shows a strange gesture that is close to encouragement or crush.

Maybe someone used power . Then the principal?

So what do the principal think about me? The day's work would have entered her ears.

I'm curious about the intention, but there is no way to dig into it. She was busy without her eyes on her work, so she went to it.

V3VHT2Y0CJEWSWV0CLZ2DDDLV3ZECGQ3AE13VDVNC0ZPR2ZBEELOZMFARTM2V0FWNXDFFFFCEZZXC2NSW

There are even a lot of trouble. Relationship with Yeoni, the witch of Polaris, my relationship with me, to find Jena, the eerie warning left by Legulus, who occupied Jena's body, and ... my remaining life.

Each one is the chest of severe headaches.

"So, then, Baek Seo -yeon's own way is blocked ...!"

The cradle of the cradle was full of rumors. Wherever I went, I couldn't hear it because I heard the name of Yeoni.

She was not yet in cradle for recovery. I should say that it was good for me.

There is no resentment as before, but I couldn't get a sense of how to treat it when I met a kite in the cradle.

Anyway, the voices that come to Yeoni are usually favorable.

I pushed the family's rebellion, and I was injured after my father's rebellion.

Moreover, Pacheon had as many friends as enemies. The cradle was still a lot of heads of students who almost worshiped her.

Compared to compassion at the time of the reduction crisis, the situation was better in many ways. I don't think I'm going to be in trouble even if Yeon comes back this time.

Of course, it's a story when you come back.

"uh...?"

I was trying to leave Dalian and move to the next classroom.

Somehow, there was a sloppy noise from the exit side. At the same time, I was able to feel several gaze of me.

I was able to notice the cause right away.

Under the arch decorative at the entrance of Dalian, I found a compassion that was waiting for me with some places.

***

"I didn't have to come here."

"Sometimes I need this too."

The compassion, who walked side by side, was answered by a new choice.

"That ... I saw it ... It's a way to save your boyfriend ..."

"energy...?"

I smiled slightly. Where did you see a strange book?

Well, if a senior student of the red painting comes out of the middle, anyone will buy it.

"... did you not like it?"

The compassion that squeezed me with a little bit of a porridge I asked. At the moment, a strange impression wrapped around.

I think I would have heard the ax eyes and I would have heard it.

If you think about it now, it's better to see such compassion. Rather than seeing you sagging without any energy.

"That's it."

Anyway, he immediately stirred and denied it.

"It was so good."

"... Then."

The sign of relief is passed by the face of compassion that turns his head. We went down the corridor during the break and walked around the central fountain.

"That's it."

And the compassion having hesitated all the time as if there was something to say remained, finally opened his mouth again.

"That day ... what I said ..."

"Okay."

And I shook my head immediately this time.

The work of the day was not mentioned. Like I promised.

Mental pollution does not mean that you will disappear, but you don't have to be shameful.

And I'm here now, it's definite evidence.

"I told you. I don't remember because I was so tired that day."

"Oh, no ... it's not ..."

"That's not ..."

"That's not ... that, so ... a little sincerity ...!"

However, in the turmoil that occurred on the front door of the stars, the words that were shouted with their eyes closed their eyes were buried.

The attention of the students walking around the square was focused at one point. And their voice was also caught.

"Baek Seo -yeon senior ... !!"

"I am a senior!"

I stopped walking without consciousness. The pupils who returned reflexively immediately captured someone's appearance.

In a few days, Yeonyi looked quite healthy. It is a bit of a heart to see the smiles and greetings with those who are welcoming.

And in the sense of holding my arms, I turned my head again.

Even though I tried to pretend to be a pity, I couldn't hide my nursery rhymes. Standing hard and hardened, I was shaking only my eyes.

Half is fear, and half is anger.

"..."

There's a smiley smiley face, so it's like being in the resolution.

Anyway, it's not good to be here now. I talked with a compassionate shoulder.

"Senior. Once you have a seat ..."

But it was that moment.

When I found something with Yeoni, I shook my head.

"...?"

It was not just me who found it. Among the students gathered in the plaza I was going out.

"Girl ...?"

"The world is very cute ... is it nephew ...?"

Something like a copy of a copy is grabbed by holding a single hand of Yeon -yi. I am a girl.

No matter how much he catches, he is only three or four years old.

It is more cute because the head is so dragged on the ground. It's a lovely appearance that you can feel fresh.

Perhaps it feels more like that because it resembles Yeon -yi. Is it a relative of a family that takes care of it for a while?

But somehow the atmosphere is quite familiar and unfamiliar. Even the pupils are a muddy gray color that seems to have seen from anywhere ...

"uh...?"

And moment. I was caught in a strange feeling that could not be expressed in words.

A child with excitement was turning his head around. It looks as if the sights surrounding you are amazing, and they seem to be trying to find someone.

And it's a moment that the distance seems to be getting closer.

I faced a girl with a girl.

"...!"

Soon after the child's face is engraved. Then, with the hands of Yeon -yi, he scattered the one -piece foot and ran as a cup.

The direction was clearly our side. After all, the child who ran to his eyes did not think he would stop and jumped into my legs.

Then he hugged it like a big bear doll and looked up at me and shouted loudly.

With a bright smile.

"Dad!"

******************************* Chapter 238 *******************************

"dad...?"

"Yeah! Dad!"

And the child nodded when he listened to the muttering words. Then I looked up at me and stretched my arms and squeezed.

Yvlkzg9rk2rzkf4ngpauuhwuw4rzlvqdglem1vxos9qzkz1psre9lr1v5a3ftedrscw9vbesczu1Pua

"Sua Ahnahoo!"

And the surrounding atmosphere changes in the sound of the child who appeared unless it was.

Even if it was low, more than a hundred pairs were watching me exactly.

After checking the surface of the onlookers, the lament is leaked. This is because those I know were also mixed in the group.

Choi Woo -jin and Ryu Seung -heon, who seemed to see waste that could not be recycled, Choi Woo -jin and Ryu Seung -heon, who opened their eyes with their eyes wide open.

And ... for some reason, even the tribute staring at me with an empty pupil.

"..."

Sweat pours out and the back of the spine stood up. I have been on a lot of battlefields, but I haven't felt this crisis at all.

And someone came back by moving.

Yeon was shaking his lips like a person who was determined. The trembling fingers were strong in tension.

She was sleepy and encountered her eyes.

"Now, talk for a while ..."

Then he muttered in a small voice.

"... Sua dad."

And later, something loud sounds.

It was on the verge of falling down without being staggered while holding the back neck.

***

"Hehe ..."

The back of the square.

I was sitting on a secluded bench in the cradle garden. The space on the knee was all of the girls who resemble Yeon -yi.

The child who jumped over the face and smiled as if he was happy.

"Beans ... Sua's dad's knee is the best!"

"..."

It's just like seeing a cat. It may feel that way because the body is small.

I didn't think I wanted to restrain such a child. I don't know why.

I didn't feel unpleasant. Somehow, the presence of this child was not unfamiliar and was quite familiar.

I see you bring your child's hair with your fingers unknowingly ...

"Kyaah ...! Daddy's finger tickle ...!"

Above all, my head was not well organized because of my hair. If a person is in a crisis too suddenly, is it like this?

And in front of me, a strong nerve war was taking place. Exactly, the anger that the compassion is unilaterally bursts It is close to the situation where I spend it.

Fortunately, the tired viewers were driven out of the slim eyes under the compassion.

There were not a few people in this cradle who would accept the anger from the front of the compassion. Perhaps if you don't overcome your curiosity, you will be a groan immediately.

"... do you explain now?"

The first person who opened his mouth was also compassion. In the voice of pressing her, her anger felt a lot.

It's been a long time since compassion is so angry. It didn't happen well, and I seemed to kill a personality next to me.

But why is it?

Rather than the dead figure of the past, it's more vibrant.

"... family work."

And Yeon, who was standing with his hands, answered me and answered me.

"A little to inform outsiders ..."

"Huh? Outsiders? Two years ... No, you're really crazy?"

After hearing Yeon's words, he spit out a smile as if he was amazing.

"I'm my fiance now. Family? A funny sound ... who the hell is outsiders ..."

"읏 ..."

Yeon couldn't hide his lonely expression that seemed to be stabbed, but it was also a while. Soon she opened her mouth, looking at me as if nothing had happened.

"... I'm my daughter. I'm two years old and my name is as if I heard it. I remember that I promised before ...? If the first is a daughter ... so ... so ... so ..."

"Sua ..."

"Woong? You call Sua?"

The name of the child raised his head with his finger on his mouth. As I stroked my hair once, I squeezed and broke the ball again.

So cute and harmless creatures are quite a long time.

Two years old. I'm younger than I thought. Well, when I see a small size or a short sound, it looks like it looks at that age ...

"... I originally tried to raise it by myself."

And Yeon -yi, who turned to the floor, wrote in a lonely voice.

"But ... Sua wants to see her dad ... I missed you ..."

"Maja! I missed you!"

Like her auxiliary, Sua in her arms nods fiercely. It was a passionate reaction that I could feel sincerely.

But sincerity may be a more severe anger for someone.

"Hey !! Baekseo Yeon !!"

Finally, the anger under the unbearable compassion is erupied everywhere. "It's a bit moderately. Now let's just go out in a nutshell!

Yeon is not concerned with the fierce anger. On the contrary, he calmly seeks to see the compassion.

"... what doesn't make sense?"

"Everything. Are you not 16 years old 2 years ago?"

"...however?"

"But then uh, uh, how ...!"

"...?"

"Uh, how ..."

And the anger under the furnace, which spread like a wildfire, instantly picked up a pick. The flushing of the face that was full to the fullest was not anger, but more shame. Increasingly, the voice was crawling, so I could only understand the meaning.

"That, that's what ..."

"..."

With that, I leaned my head. Looking at the red -heated earlobe, she could see her questions clearly.

On the other hand, I was also very curious.

As I watched the conversation, the reason came back little by little, so I opened my mouth carefully.

"...that's right."

Then Yeon -yi lights up his hand. There was no way to express this bungung feeling in words.

Lastly, it was only a few days ago. The old resentment has been resolved, but the memories of the past and the future came from there.

It was never easy for me. I just thought that was the best for everyone.

So, no one would have imagined that our first conversation was this ... it would be a very embarrassing and male topic.

"That ... to have a baby ... There must be a work between men and women."

"...huh."

Yeon nodded slightly. I was able to see the tension that came out of the trembling eyes.

"But we ... until that much ..."

The lightest kisses that I shared with the heaviest of the exchanges I shared with Yeon -yi were all.

Of course, the greed for that beyond was also obvious. However, the most important thing about self -qualifications, the most precious thing was that it was delayed because of the mind that I was trying to save until the end.

If you think about it now, it was a clear mistake.

"..."

"Reverse, too ...!"

And at first glance and regret, Yeon's face overflows. On the contrary, even a compassion for the compassion forces, he made a good look.

I didn't have a word, so I wanted to be an excuse. But later, Yeon's face was just as red as he had just compassion.

It wasn't until the end of the forehead and then leaned his head. And for a while I barely muttered at the end.

"...uh."

"what...?"

It was too small, so it was not easy to put it in my ears. After hearing the sound, Yeon closed his eyes and said in a big voice.

"When you sleep ... I secretly ..."

"..."

And I reflexively blocked Sua's ears.

"Sua is frustrated!"

Then Sua, who looks at the fluttering butterfly, flows. The response under compassion was even more dramatic. She was really despaired like a lost love.

"Huh, horses, ridiculous ... !!"

After static sweeping us for a moment. Barely, the compassion, who barely recovered to the pupil, opened his trembling lips.

"White, Baekseo Yeon !! I told you not to lie !!"

She was projecting a violent anger with a bad door.

"It's like a radish that's like a radish from the field !! I know everyone who knows!

"It's not like that."

And Yeon shook his head casually.

"You know you see it yourself."

"I look at it myself ... what ...!"

Yeon -yi pointed to Sua sitting on my knee instead of words. Sua, who received two attention, shook her head.

"That eye and eye look. Didn't you look like Hyun -yi?"

"...!"

And he was no longer able to argue. Her poison, which was ferocious as if he would burn his surroundings, felt gradually falling out.

It was a severe despair that came from the loss of her eyes. The arrow was also aimed at me, not now.

At first glance, tears shine at the pupils under the compassion of me. On the one hand, there was a lot of injustice.

"I, I haven't yet ..."

******************************* Chapter 239 *******************************

"Uh, how can I ... that can be ..."

"..."

Have you ever revealed your sorrow recently?

But for me, this time is only unfair. Can't you explain what you don't remember?

Yeon, who provided the cause of this incident, leaned his head and was struggling with only his fingers. It looks quite embarrassing even though I say ...

But the situation reached here, but in my heart, my doubt was raising my head little by little.

First of all, a girl who appears without a dad and is still sitting on my knees and struck his feet. Sua.

This is why I couldn't refute it to Yeon's words. The other parts resemble Yeon -yi, but the appearance of the eyes and the color of the eyes were really the same as me.

Even if the other situation is aside, it is a clear truth that this child is my daughter.

But the doubt is not Sua, but the attitude of bringing this child.

I've been trying to forget it for a while, but anyway, I and I spent almost with most of my childhood.

I was deeply affectionate about each other. Each person's habits or speeches mean that they were sewn one after another.

I don't want to know it naturally. It is more difficult to miss clues in a static situation without such urgency.

And before. When Yeon said Sua was my daughter.

The attitude and tone she showed must have been the truth.

The same was true when I said that I was trying to raise myself somehow and said that Sua wanted to see her too much.

So it was more confused.

If that's true ... Yeon really did something because I was really good at sleeping.

-You when you sleep ... I did it.

But the fine change that Yeon showed when he said that was close to when she had a cute lie that she sometimes had.

"..."

The same is true now. I could see it right by looking at the right eyebrows.

I don't know anything else, but I can be sure that the claim that it was secretly was false.

"Dad?"

Sua on the knee stared at my complex mind.

Again, there was no negative feelings such as reluctance or distance.

But then ... What is this child's identity really ...?

"I did a big mistake that I couldn't wash to you ... I know."

And I came to me. Unlike just, the expression is very It was dark.

"I know that it's a woman who doesn't have a heart, shameful, selfish, and no figure."

Siting, loneliness, repentance. The sort of emotions were mixed and blasted in a golden eye.

"Still, though ..."

Yeon bite his lips. It was a habit when she was terribly troubled.

She hesitated and hesitated several times and finally opened her mouth.

"Without you ... I don't think it's going to be ..."

"..."

"I won't ask you to forgive me right away. I won't ask you to sew you next to you right now. But ..."

Then I bowed my head as if I couldn't face my eyes.

"Only once ... Can't give you more chance ...?"

"..."

In the trembling voice, earnestness and desperation were buried.

I think I know a little bit of how Yeon planned today's event.

If it was a normal situation, this would not have been made in the first place. Naturally, I wouldn't have heard her.

I can't know my personality ...

"Opportunity? Stop making funny."

And the first thing I interrupted than me was barely compassion for my feelings.

"Baekseoyeon. Don't flutter, it's a little out. You know. Your chance has already passed."

Compassion is a sneaking of me. It is the eyes that feels slightly resentful and regret.

She glanced up to Sua in her arms until she turned to Yeoni again.

"Your daughter will raise it with love. I swear. I will never discriminate from other children. It's not good? It's good.

"읏 ..."

And Yeon -yi shook his head, who was lightly staring at compassion.

"... that's not. Parenting is accompanied at the same time. You can leave our Sua to those who can't make a candy properly."

"You, how to do it !!"

And the face of compassion rises red in a moment. candy? What are you talking about?

No way ...?

"Okay. The story is over."

I remembered my head passed by my head. I was staring at Yeon -yi as if he was dealing with a vicious person.

"Stop clinging and turn off a little !! A woman named Pacheon's successor is such a nasty way! Isn't it ashamed? Huh?"

"Hyuna, please only once ... I think of our Sua ..."

Several voices are loudly mixed Squeeze the air. I only spit out what to say to each other, so I didn't have a place to stay.

"Dad! Sua's hair strokes again!"

Now I joined Sua. The leaves squeeze out on top of Sua's nostrils with their arms stretched out.

"After, huh ..."

Soon, the leaves fluttered in the breeze of the mountains touched the light skin. Sua trembled lightly as if it was tickling.

Then I couldn't stand it.

"Hey, heh, hissed!"

Snack!

And it was a very moment to detect change.

"uh...?"

Suddenly, it was felt under the palm of the hand. It is certain that it is a kind of sensation that can never be felt in human hair.

I headed down my view as if it were unfolded. My palm that stroked Sua's hair.

It was so heterogeneous to be on the head of a person.

"Cat ... ear ...?"

***

"Huh, then."

And the charter was quickly reversed.

Although he was speaking of dissatisfied voice, he felt satisfaction and comfort on his face.

"Huh ..."

On the contrary, Yeon -yi was just leaning his head with a red face as if it could not be more shameful than this.

"I, I haven't done it yet ... I knew it ... of course I thought it was ..."

Confidence is a bit slim. Why did you just send me so resentful eyes to me?

But isn't it amazing? I just heard that story.

Is there anything more important ...

"Heying ..."

Then I hear it is a small crying crying of a small and fragile creature.

"D, caught ... Sua ... hide your ears and write this ..."

Sua's eyes were tears. There are still two ears of animals that are still blessed.

Sua was holding my legs tightly like a sloth. Then he said as if he was begging his head.

"Dad ... I'm going to do so ...?"

"..."

Listening to a sad voice, the feeling crosses. It feels more like that because it feels like a mix of Yeon and me half and half ...

"...no."

Thanks to this, I quickly organized my thoughts. My head hurts so much that I have a headache, but at least this is not a child's responsibility.

"Why do I hate you?"

"Sua's ears ... not ...?"

ES82CEF3M2JNBHLDCJVODFVTUDBMMMBLCGJROFJ AANVZBLJMCS9BT1NOVLFSMTVAYXVMWUO4CUFVUES5RJNSYW

"I don't like it. It's good to be soft."

"Jeongma egg?!"

Sweet your hair gently and tell me when Sua did it.

"Hehe! Dad Joa !!"

"But you have to be secret to others. Okay?"

"Yeah! Secret! Promise!"

And Sua nodded fiercely.

Obviously, the animal ears, which had a sense of organization, wanted to be disassembled.

It's hard to shut up, it's an incredible sight.

"therefore..."

I stroked Sua, who was enjoying the warmth, and asked Yeon -yi, who was still unable to lift his head.

"Really ... Sua is a peanut ...?"

"...huh."

And Yeon nodded when spraying.

Peanut. A cat with a mix of amber and creamy hair, a cat with an unusually small body.

Since the old year has collapsed on the road, we spent almost all time together.

I thought that peanuts were also lost forever, but they also reunited.

The peanuts I met again were the same as before. I was curious about the recent situation because I didn't show me only to me these days.

But ... I didn't even think that the cat would turn into a person.

"therefore..."

According to Yan, it is about two years ago that peanuts suddenly turned into people. It is a while after the tragedy in the village.

Naturally, Yeon was not guessing his identity at all. Who can do that?

At first, he was very wary of himself, but he had no choice but to soften his heart.

And I was named as one of the few ends that followed me, and I was getting a little bit of daughter.

"I was clumsy to hide my ears ... I couldn't see it to others. I recently succeeded and brought it out like this ..."

The more I heard the story, the more there was no way to be surprised.

It is a world overflowing with all kinds of beasts that have been influenced by particles.

Some of them have high intelligence, and some of them have human forms.

However, there is a cat beast that turns into a person.

"..."

A beast with high intelligence or a human being A beast with abilities, or both of them is available.

In other words, it means that we can make us a great harm.

And the attitude of mankind to such creatures is clear.

There is no choice but to immediately contact the purification troops and then to be incinerated or preserved to study.

but...

"Hehe ... Dad Joa ~"

I could immediately understand why Yeon did not do that.

No matter how much this is ... it's just harmless and cute creatures.

Even it looks right with me.

"Peanuts ... No, Sua."

"Wet?"

I asked Sua after hard work. It was to catch a clue to find out the identity.

"Do you remember when you met your dad and mom?"

"When you first meet ...?"

"huh."

"Wow ..."

Sua grabbed her hair and fell in mind.

"Sua, when I got up, it was my mother's arms. I was so hungry ... Dad and mom gave me delicious delicious ..."

The enemy's work that fed a skinny kitten comes to mind. Half the blood of Yeoni and half of my blood.

I thought I would die without a break, but somehow it was vividly survived and appeared in front of my eyes the next day.

Do you remember that even if you do it ...

"And, and that's ... ah!"

Sua, who wrapped her hair, brightly reveals her face as if she thought of something. Then he shouted loudly as if he was asking me to praise me.

"Dad takes Sua!"

"What ...? What are you taking ...?"

"Yogi, I have yogi!"

I lifted up the fucking Sua. Then Sua raised her finger and stabbed a part of my chest.

Then he smiled brightly.

"Okay. Dad also has a big. Sua likes dad ... hehe ...!"

"Bring ...?"

"what...?"

And Yeon -yi and Compassion also make a bewildered look at Sua's words. The same is true for nothing at all.

Sua's stab is not a special place. It's not a place where there is an important organs, and there's no area called spring.

A small part next to the heart. When I do not use power, it's just a place where you can consciously form a vessel that contains it ...

"uh...?"

And I hardened it.

A strong thumping heart. The blood flow rotates fiercely as if to tear the blood vessels of the whole body. There was a nervous current.

At a slow but clear speed, The moment of running comes.

"no way...!"

"! Fun!"

I lifted Sua again. Sua was immersed in the imitation of the sky with his arms like a bird with a smile.

"You ... it was Polaris ...?"

******************************* Chapter 240 *******************************

Sua stabbed with his fingers is where there is an exactly vessel of power. Even it is called 'your own'.

I could only think of one case. I met my eyes with a small creature staring at me. The two eyes of the stars contained only blindness for me.

"Wet?"

There was a lot of thoughts in one clear smile.

Have you been hiding your identity in the meantime? What for what? Do you want to regain your power for time? But there was a chance before. Where did I have fallen once or twice?

Moreover, if that's the purpose ... you won't have to reveal yourself like this ...

"Dad! More! More!"

Sua wrote that he felt the power of his arms because of his complicated hair. It was a girl who was not able to catch it even more because he was a girl.

I barely calmed my breath and talked to Sua carefully.

"... Sua?"

"yes!"

"I'm ... Dad is trying to ask only one ... is it okay?"

I changed a word without knowing. In the two pairs of staring at this turmoil, the joy crossed. One side is satisfied, one side is sad ...

"Yeah! Okay!"

Sua is motivated to nod her head. As if I would answer anything. Is there the only way to lean on this child's favor.

I picked up one more time, and I finally took out the main point.

"Maybe ... you are Polaris ...?"

"Poralis ...?"

And Sua was thinking with her finger on her mouth. The tension was so tight that the sound of swallowing the saliva was too big.

And Sua's answer was surprisingly simple.

"Foralis is Moya ...?"

"..."

I feel a sense of deprivation as I ask me towards me. It didn't look like a lie that I had deliberately decorated. Only pure radish was a clear voice.

"That, then ... what was doing before meeting my mom and dad ... I remember ...?"

I had already given up halfway, but I managed to grab it and asked again. It was a struggle to get the minimum information.

"Woong ..."

Sua was also deeply worried this time. It was quite cute to close my eyes and squeak.

And this time the ending was the same.

"I don't remember!"

"..."

The Mac is missing. At this point, I needed to summarize my thoughts.

In any case, Sua's identity is a witch polaris. Witches who have seen my power are their masters This polaris said. And Sua pointed to the bowl and called it exactly his own.

The question is still scattered. Sua said that I took his power, but I was living without feeling the existence of that power until I met the leader.

How did such a dangerous power have come to me?

Moreover, the creatures of witches are like human beings. Why did such a being appear in front of us as a kitten just before death?

Even instead of stroking the destruction of humanity, they spend a relaxing life.

But it was in place as long as Sua didn't know them. For now, there seemed to be nothing more to find out.

"You're good at answering Sua?"

"... yeah, good job."

"Hehe ..."

As he stroked his hair with his expected eyes, Sua laughed. I turned down Sua on the chair.

And because I couldn't keep up with the conversation, I saw two girls staring at this with a question. At first glance, it seemed to look at it.

The existence of the witch was published in a boost, but it was because they did not know their name. But it was an appropriate place to talk long. Moreover, we were just in another topic.

"I'll explain this later. And ..."

"... 읏."

"Huh ..."

When my eyes turned, the two girls fluttered at the same time. It is a complicated heart. When I was fighting like an enemy, I was showing only a pathetic figure now.

Yeon couldn't meet his eyes and bowed again. The compassion of the compassion, which shot the poison, was also in place. She was just nervous. The only one of the four people was Sua who was leaning on my knees.

And I was going to open my mouth without any organization.

"I am..."

"What is this now?"

Suddenly someone's voice is heard. It was the same as the urine. Soon after, Yeon -yi and Compassion were turned around with a nasty impression.

And for some reason, the two softened the momentum.

"It's tough."

It was a opponent that had no choice but to.

"No matter how much this body has been empty, the discipline would have been harmful in the meantime."

Walking towards us was a girl with a dark luxurious dress. At first glance, it looks like a late teenager I didn't.

A great beauty that is not strange at all even if you admire you inadvertently. However, the face blooms in the face. The eye patch, covered with one face, made it stand out.

"Principal ... teacher ...?"

"I would have said clearly."

And he was in place and Wolhwa was more flexible than anyone else.

"In the academy, love is never banned ...!"

***

Our three -person, or lion face -to -face ended in a moment.

By a person who never thought about it.

"End of the end, the end."

I had no choice but to withdraw at once. The face seemed full of dissatisfaction, but there was no help. Who can deal with both in this cradle? Except for me who has no idea, there will be only one.

I am a bit grateful. Thanks to the sigh.

"In the field of divine learning, it's a ruined stimulus ... it's a mangori ... I heard it very tight even when I heard it in the country ..."

And for some reason, I was caught by the principal and listened to her complaining.

Are you trying to take responsibility for the so -called 'Jeong -jung -kuk'?

", You're doing very well."

The principal, who walked side by side, finally opened his mouth as he shed me on me.

"I wanted to get a big turmoil and I had to explore anything. But after hearing the story of work, I doubted my ears. So I came to you."

"that..."

"Don't think of excuses. I would have told you the past day. Love on campus is by far. But this body warning was so ridiculous?"

"...no."

The principal was shot without a horsepower. It was clear that it was firm even if it was shot.

There's something I've committed, so I don't want to make excuses. At the same time, however, the principal was very curious.

Why is Haehwa so happy about the romance of students? If you think about it nationally, isn't it right to encourage it? The Republic is chronically suffering from the lack of wizards.

This is the reason why even a small student from the periphery is a cradle and collects it as a cradle.

I didn't know anything before entering, so I had to nod my head.

But listening, it was said that there was no such rules. All the rules that prohibit the romance of the students are newly born as Haewolhwa is inaugurated as the current principal. Long rules.

Even the early engagement system was trying to eliminate the early engagement system, and because of the complicated relationships of the families, he said he had to give up with tears.

"Well, was the rumor really true?"

Wolhwa still didn't seem to let me go.

"Rumors ... are you talking?"

"What do you do with Pacheon's child brought your child."

"Cool luck ...!"

"Don't think about Shichimi. Because the children gathered in the square heard the words that were talking about with my two ears."

"Is it possible? Yeon ... Baek Seo -yeon is probably brought to his nephew. Isn't that age kids?

I focused on reducing the situation desperately. I'm a little sorry for Sua, but I can't help it.

Fortunately, Sua had already disappeared when the Wolhwa came. It may be that she detects her labor and disappears as a cat.

It was very fortunate for me. If the principal had seen Sua's appearance, which resembles me half -year -old, it would not have made any excuses.

"Huh ..."

And only a long time later, the principal was only suspicious.

"Well, let me believe."

A new girl who has a little bit of her lips nod her head reluctantly. Is it still persuaded? It's not surprisingly difficult.

Maybe the principal trusts me quite a bit.

"That, it's natural.

"..."

The principal blurred the horsetail as if he was embarrassed.

You're trusted ... right?

"I ... is your eyes okay?"

As the storm passed by, I was walking alone. I walked side by side and turned the topic in moderation. In many ways, I was so unhappy ...

"Didn't you say it's okay?"

And he said that the principal was not insignificant.

"The usual view is just a bit narrower.

"but..."

V3VHT2Y0CJEWSWV0CLZ2DDDLV3ZEDWLVNVDOVHRSUVHRDVRDVRLSJNKUNFUNKUNFURAC2DSSSSSS2HYAJEXMFDXMXPOAW

"Your guy is a talented man who uses too much mind in trivial things. What do you do if I say it's not okay? Huh?"

"yes."

"...what?"

"If you have a hard time ... I would help you."

"..."

Then the principal stops stepping on I stared. Was this a mistake? Rarely, I thought I was joking because I had a smile in my mouth. So I was worried about it ...

The smile was coldly hardened. Did you touch the pride of the hemp.

But how ridiculous would it be if you were doing something like a new student.

After all, I have no good jobs in jokes. The principal was standing tall while squeezing and squeezing the solution.

And she opened her mouth again after a long time.

"... Hmm. I can't help it. If you mean ..."

******************************* Chapter 241 *******************************

The principal's reaction was really unexpected. To be honest, I'm thinking that I will hear the rebuke.

I was able to examine the principal's complexion.

"..."

The pupils that always contemplated everything are shaken lightly. At first glance, there was a sense of heat to be mistaken for expectations.

... maybe the condition of the sunshawing is not so good now?

She also haven't spent a fairly blue day until recently.

In the southern expedition, after injustice, he eventually lost his eyes, and as soon as he returned to the capital, he had to suppress the coup caused by the day.

I and Yeon also made her life.

After returning to the cradle, he is a principal who is suffering from a break.

No matter how much she is a magician other than a standard, she is inevitable.

Perhaps the principal's complaints have expressed their state of their condition.

"Oh, it was."

And when I was standing in thought for a while, Haewolhwa lived. I try to look insignificant, but I feel somehow.

"I..."

"It's just a joke. It's a principal who is supported by a student.

A0ZXRGFSBME5L0VROU9WRTVXFLKAUZPCTDWMW1YS1QWDTBUDKLKBZK4EDDUVBGR0Q3DVBGR0Q3DVBE9UUJQI9IVQ

But the principal was trying to move again. Suddenly, she stood up on the stones that stood out on the floor of the promenade.

"Wolhwa!"

I immediately reached out to her.

After all, it doesn't make sense.

How does the wizard, who is about the principal, can't avoid it?

If you do not know, it was likely to say that something was sold to something. But I could know.

The principal was clearly overwhelming.

"Are you okay?"

Standing on the ground, I was able to support her before she fell. It was not so difficult because it was light like a feather.

I stretched my arms and wrapped one shoulder, so I had to put the principal in my arms. I am aware of the excuse, but the situation is the situation ...

"..."

The principal hardened like a stone statue. The breathing breathing is a bit rough. The heat flowers on her face were also in full bloom. .

"Wolhwa? Okay ..."

"Okay, it's okay."

When I was calling again, Haewolhwa shook his head. Unlike words, the state looks serious.

"This, this is the first time in my life ..."

Soon she woke up and shot me.

"It's always bold and how much this is this ..."

The principal's feelings do not understand. Isn't it a hemp that set up a high feat.

Such a person is supported by a student, so the shame is not the only one.

But for me, I can't put the principal on the ground ...

"If you have an example, I'll apologize. I'm just worried about the principal ..."

Then the Haehwa fluttered lightly.

"... I'm worried?"

"Yes. Naturally ..."

It was hard enough to be decorated on purpose. It was a sincere apology, but it didn't reach her ...?

"Huh, yeah ... you're in a ride."

Soon Haewolhwa laughed. Then I looked back at me again with a new face.

"The children's feelings seem to make sense a bit. But don't be mistaken. Do you think this body looks so easy?

"Yes ...? What are you going?"

Are you talking about stone?

"Hey."

The principal turned his head as if he had no intention of solving the question. But soon he hesitated, turning his head slightly so that he could see his slender nose.

"But really ... will you support?"

"Yes. It's not difficult."

I answered immediately. It wasn't even a lie.

Isn't it a person who has lived?

Even though I was bothered at first, I was also a person who approved my recommendation anyway.

Since then, I have been able to get this convenience thanks to the month. I can live together in a dormitory under compassion.

In comparison, the degree of support is not difficult.

I pulled the principal slightly to support me. Naturally, her head fell and touched the shoulders. A refreshing fragrance, such as a grass, tickled the tip of the nose.

"You can lean comfortably. I'm fine."

"Uh, yes."

At first, I was supporting my shoulders with my hands, but my posture was so sad. I lowered my hands around her waist for easy moving. Then, in the mouth of the principal, a new scream popped out.

"흣 ...!"

"Principal? Are you okay?"

"Oh, it's nothing ...! This is ...that..."

I wanted to have a wound I haven't seen on my back, but the principal shook my head. I opened my mouth as if I didn't hesitate.

"This, this body is a bit sensitive ..."

***

After that, I walked along the promenade together with the principal. In fact, it was almost close to listening to her.

"Anyway ... I'm not enough for ten bodies ... The cradle is in a mess, the water is also a mess ... on the spy flying in the north ..."

The principal's voice was almost whisper because of being stuck.

It was a mouth that didn't stop the grumble, but I could feel that the attitude of the day was definitely softened.

Most of all, when you look at the steps together in a natural position.

"I'll have a hard time. Can I help me?"

"It's. No matter how much you borrow the student's hand."

Haewolhwa shook his half -buried hair.

"If you use your heart, you sometimes talk about it.

"If you are okay with me ..."

"..."

Then I remembered a good smile on the principal's mouth. Even if you are a cradle freshman, the refreshing sensitivity was a smile.

Even though it is a lot of accumulation.

"But I lied to me."

The principal asked in a daily voice while keeping moving.

"If it's a lie ...?"

"It's about your strength. Can't you say this?"

"..."

It was a bit embarrassing because the principal's attitude was so calm.

In fact, I thought I would caught the identity of power someday. Moreover, he showed his strength in front of the professors.

Naturally, it was a matter of time to enter her ears.

"A man with the power of the witch ... Oh, he lived for a long time, so he sees everything strange."

Every time you see that with a face without wrinkles, you can't adapt to it.

"My major is a little convincing. The antennae snake, the PLF 1st Regiment The destruction of the first solidarity ... I thought it was suspicious ...

"... Are you going to kill me? Or arrest ...?"

"Why am I?"

Despite the following questions, she shook her head as if it was not insignificant.

"That is, of course ..."

"You saved the cradle in a decisive crisis. The majors you have built have hurt. Why do I persecute them?"

Then I shed me with a slight sadness.

" Or what is it? Are you not so reliable? If that's really the case, I think it's a bit disappointing. It was supporting your life with all your fever and castle ... "

"That's it. I'm always grateful to the principal."

"joy..."

It was a principal who turned his head, but the melted melted mouth could not be hidden. Soon she coughed and coughed.

"Hmm Hmm, I don't have to worry about it anyway. The professors who gathered that day were those who were prepared to die to protect their students. They are the owners of the noble character. He was tightly in the mouth, but he would have been closing his mouth for you."

"thank you."

"What do you do between us? But you feel a bit rude. I know that your teacher will ask you to deceive me."

"..."

It was not possible to see what the principal's bee is. I think that the person who is hit by the storm is not me, but I'm glad. Sorry, the leader ...

"Anyway, it should be clear. You may need to know about the source of that power.

It was a valid question, but there was nothing to say. I didn't know anything but my power came to Sua.

But I couldn't tell her right now. No matter how much you have the power of real witches and witches. Isn't Jena imprisoned right now?

Moreover, the principal had a lot of hatred about them ...

"... this is so sad."

The principal who heard me muttered with a little disappointing expression.

"I was looking forward to catching a clue that I didn't know."

"sorry."

"It's. It's not your responsibility."

The principal led him unfortunately. After all, the trail ended and we reached the end of the garden.

The principal, who was walking for a long time, said low.

"Still, your existence is a bit happy."

"I ... are you talking?"

"okay."

The principal nodded. Then I opened my mouth in a dim voice.

"Do you know? This body has been praised as a description of the thousand since childhood."

You are proud of your own ...?

******************************* Chapter 242 *******************************

Who's not the leader of the leader. This self -confidence was in line with him.

Well, it's not that difficult to hit this much, but ...

"I heard that you changed all records even at the time of cradle."

"Um."

Haewolhwa nods like a student who has been praised for good grades.

"The youngest admission, the shortest graduation, undefeated, and there are the best lubin prices in all time ..."

"It's the second time. In Pacheon, the owner of the four -digit Rubin price appeared."

Haewolhwa lightly corrected my words. It was to say Yeoni. It was also a reward that he won after overcoming particle hypersensitivity.

Is it obvious that it has no dry spring? The wizards experienced the fear of particle exhaustion at least once, but it was a story that had nothing to do with the year.

The only person who can oppose that child is only the best spirit history of all time, which does dozens of spirits freely.

"Well, it's mature, it's still a long way to go ..."

The smile of the mouth is a bit bewit. Only then does the principal look at that age. No, is it still lacking?

Suddenly I wonder. How old is this person? Even the parents of the general manager calls the Haehwolhwa as a senior.

"..."

I quit thinking soon. I couldn't ask anyway.

"Do you know? This body has no one from a student."

The principal's voice was somewhere. I was listening to sleep because I didn't say anything.

"Everybody looked at me with awe's eyes, rather than friendship. Well, it would be natural. Since the time of admission, I couldn't find any of my peers, and I didn't hide even if I dealt with more than a fever."

It was a principal who smiled and smiled, but the voice was unknown. It was a pity for the topic.

This man has already continued the lonely lives of lonely transcendentals from my age.

Of course, I was very curious why I came now and tells me this.

"The usual wizard can only operate the purified particles through Sam. But to hear Shin, he showed an unknown power to operate the neutral particles of the space freely. Is that four power?"

"you're right."

"... I don't know how fortunate your strength is not in their hands."

It was a bright smile than the sunset. The joy of the principal did not stop.

"and The wizard who can overpower me finally appeared ... I'm really happy and happy. "

"..."

"The strongest in history, this body, which is praised as a Korean police ...

The excitement and aspirations that were not hidden were buried from that voice. Her reaction was a bit strange.

The average person feels a sense of crisis when his place is threatened. But the principal was rather excited.

... maybe she was lonely. If the Academy has been aweed from the time of the age of the Academy, it is not necessary to say more after that.

She spent decades alone in the highest place. If you are a prestigious wizard, there was no wedding.

It would have been. Who dare to express that kind of feelings to the strongest wizard?

Only then did you know why the principal listed her past. It was not unreasonable to express joy as if a wizard appeared to surpass himself.

Well, of course, that's why I don't have to eat bad heart to the principal.

"I will not dare to touch the principal's body."

"..."

I asserted it by deliberately giving me strength. But I don't think there's anxiety at all.

V3VHT2Y0CJEWSWV0CLZ2DDDLV3ZEBLVQZHCDLZJM0QYS21QBUHKRTZYNDDLUJZNDDLUJZNT1O5YAWZQ

But it was clear disappointment that passed by the principal's eyes. After all, the heart of a person is difficult. But can't you say 'I will definitely break the principal' ...

The principal was swelling the ball. I don't think I'm disappointed after seeing my lips.

"Well, that story is now."

She still turned a topic in a tone.

"It is clear that your existence is a great strength for us. But I'm worried."

"Why are you?"

"You can overpower me, on the contrary, it can be the biggest threat to the Republic."

"I ... are you?"

"okay."

Didn't you just believe me? The fisheye is tight in sudden words.

"The last decades of the Republic of Korea is the highest council, the consensus of many powerful wizards. It is also clear that it has been in territory. "

The principal explained.

"Of course, it was not always stable. The republic of one, such as boiling, is always threatened by the appearance of the superman. And the first crisis was the appearance of this body."

Then he hesitated himself.

"From the enemy of the cradle, everyone around me watched the daily struggles of this body. If you have no choice but to do so. If you go out that this body will be overturned, who dared to stop the road?"

"But the principal ..."

"Yes. This body is not interested in that."

The principal shrugged lightly.

"It's the only concern of this body that is buried in a sofa of the greenhouse. In fact, the principal's position is closer to being forced to take over. Oh, besides ...."

"...?"

Suddenly, the principal, who met with me, closed his lips and avoided his eyes. Did you keep looking at me? I felt like I felt something more than I had to say.

"Hmm. I'm talking about it."

And the principal coughed and smoked.

"... and the second crisis was a rebellion a while ago.

She unfolded two thin fingers.

"Even though it is the helpless force of one, there is no one to follow him in this republic. In fact, his coup had a sacrament in the past. If I died in the south, or you couldn't block him.

"But eventually it was stopped ..."

"And the third is you."

The principal's finger is now pointing to me exactly.

"Well ...?"

"Five family black routes, overwhelming power that can never be hit by the strongest magician. You are the wizards with both of them. You don't have to explain it here?"

"But I have no choice ..."

"There was a time when everyone thought so. Even that greedy hundred days did so."

"..."

"In addition to there, I have a flower plaque called Pacheon and Red Hwa ..."

Her eyes become more new. It was the shape of the hostess who scratched the ripped husband without a surrender.

When I looked at my expression, I felt that way.

"My head hurts because of your guy."

"..."

"Don't think about it. I was watching my eyes clearly with my eyes. "

It was a statement that seemed to have been in my inside.

"The children's momentum is very great. How much is it how much I saw a student who dared to open my eyes ..."

Haehwa smiled as if it was small.

"I have such children in both hands, so I can't say that I can't say it. It is the power that should be checked and checked.

The principal shook his head as if the headache really hurt. The worries were reasonable. Already I was dragged into the vortex of the whirlpool. Whether you want or not.

"Yes, I can't kill you ... I can't lock it up in jail ... Oh, in my basement ...?"

But there is a fact that she does not know. My destiny is running along the scheduled way. My life will someday leave ashes.

I don't know when that will be, but at least the fact that the principal will survive longer than me can be obviously guaranteed.

I don't know him, so I'm worried about that useless.

"He and keep in mind! Our republic pursues some absolute work. To prevent indiscriminate marriage alliance. No matter what happens, you can take both at the same time ...!"

"You don't have to worry."

So the answer was also simple. I told the principal, who was in a delusional delusion.

"The principal is worried about it ... it will never happen."

***

After breaking up with the principal. I stepped to the A -dong training room. When the head is complicated today, it is also the best to overuse the body and melt the thoughts.

He said he would be disciplined throughout the night. I pleaded with the principal, but this was only a point.

It is natural that senior students who should show other exemplary arguments have been ugly for their juniors.

But I don't know why I see you. In this situation, is it a victim position in its own way ...

I entered such a familiar old training room. Today I was going to see the end until I was stunned.

But the moment I opened the door of the training room.

-Kudangtang!

I was caught by someone's feet and stuck on the ground.

This is my baku. I didn't think about it because I didn't feel the hostility. It was also a soft hand in the first place.

"hey."

Hook-The dark green scent is in front of you. Beyond the lined golden hair, there were two large eyes resembling emeralds.

Climbing on my fallen and overwhelming posture With.

And Jin -seo spit out a bloody voice.

"Explain."

Maybe today ... it's not a real day.

******************************* Chapter 243 *******************************

"hi."

I greeted me lightly. It wasn't enough to talk with the true book.

I was stunned by blocking the witch Leggulus in Jena's body, and immediately after waking up, I went straight to find Yeon -yi and stunned again.

Since then, I have been in the ward for a long time and barely returned ...

"..."

Jin -seo did not answer my greetings. Just staring at me with a red red eyes. As a result, I can't sleep well with my face. But nowadays, there are so many things.

"Do you not accept greetings? And this arm ..."

-Quang!

Immediately, the heavy porch resonates from the right ear. When I saw it, I saw the surface that was lightly dug. Obviously, the floor of the Dalianjang was not said to be a complex steel to prevent damage.

"From explanation."

The listening voice urges me again. At this point, I am a bit annoyed. In the first place, someone is not a good personality. You can explain enough without having to do this.

Well, the heart of the truth is not understood at all. Perhaps I was disappointed by me. I will be close to a piller who can't use it now.

It also made my favorite senior in the world.

So I didn't like it. This is just a trivial happening. Anyway, she is not my friend. And this will be the same.

I can't feel any hostility at all while I'm angry.

"... if you don't like it?"

"under."

When he spit out, he laughed. Then he stared at it and smashed.

"Then you should keep this position. Sometimes you get some fists."

"Who welcomes you? You can't touch my hair."

"Well. I don't know before I try. At least I can make my best.

I gave it a provocation and received it. One word she spits out is very frustrating. We instinctively wanted to be an excuse. I have a hard -to -solid body for a few days, and the truth is to cool down the hot hair.

The explanation is the next thing. I could know without saying it. She and I already know each other well. So you must have been waiting here.

Obviously I knew I would come.

I didn't need it more. The empty eyes of the empty eyes immediately hit their fists. What she is looking for It was not the floor of Dalian.

-Quang!

I returned my upper body with a car of the occasional car. The atmosphere shakes with the late portrait. As it was, he rotated the lower body and escaped the restraint of the truth. And immediately turned back and crushed the shoulder of the truth.

Our position was turned upside down at once.

"I can't do it yet. So now ..."

-Huh!

Jin -seo flexibly twisted his arms and escaped his restraint. Then he jumped up and squeezed my neck on both legs and put him in the air. The two soft touches felt in the back of the head are more burdensome than the tightening of the neck.

"Huh. Did you get again?"

The tribute in the back teases his lips as if he was whispering. It was a voice that felt satisfied with completely redeeming me.

"If you get caught, it's a combination that you can't get out. You've been informed you. How about it?

"... it's amazing."

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVAWX2VFHYTKFHFHFHFZXHPCFZ0R2L3ZLL1MKXYBUEXAHE3K0T3ZVOYWW14NG

Praise was not empty. I didn't know that her folk skills had already come up here. It took a few months to get to this level. Hundreds of times I suffered from my sisters' arms.

Do not stroking your head in a state of restraint, not blowing your ears, or tightening your body so you don't feel difficult.

When I think of the shame that I had at that time, my hands still tremble. After the pain, the truth broke through in just a few weeks.

It is certainly an unclean talent.

"Hmm ..."

The truth, who heard the praise, shed lightly nasal sounds. Did you feel a little relaxed? Apart from him, the tightening of the neck was even more counted. The breathing is overwhelming and the vision is rising.

If you can't restrain it like this, the triumph of the truth will be the same.

If you can't solve it.

"Even if you say that, you won't restrain. I'm stunned like this."

Jin -seo said more and more.

"I don't have to worry. I'll protect you from the side. But everything that's happening in between is your responsibility.

She twisted the joints of her early victory and pulled out her body. The joints of the whole body screamed. I was a little curious about the words afterwards. Everything that happens in between? While I was stunned, I tried to graffiti on my face.

"Huwu. "

Forced twisted out, the dislocated shoulders are rugged. It was not blinked and fitted it. I changed my teeth by looking at me as if it were divided.

She approaches her slenderly, turns her body and stretches her legs. It seemed to be intended to hit my chin. Like a crane, the long legs kicked the chin and thinly passed the nose.

As soon as he avoided the attack, he narrowed the distance and dug into the arms of the truth. The tight fist was clearly aimed at near her navel. The Jin -seo who saw it laughed and shouted.

"I knew it! Anyway, who's not a pervert ...!"

And he twisted as if he had expected. Of course, I was also aiming. She will be penetrating the most favorite blow. I should have shared the sum once or twice.

I immediately twisted the angle of the arm. Instead of hitting the stomach with a fist, she wrapped her neck all over.

And with weight and acceleration, she fell down to the floor of Dalian.

-Quang!

"Big ..."

The truth spit out a dry cough. Although she barely got up, she was already unprotected.

I held my fist again and flew near the navel of the truth. It was not a situation where even if you know it.

-Prom!

"Keuk ...!"

I flew two or three times in a row. She was shocked by the shock of shaking her body. Well, I still controled the strength. This is not a lifestyle with the enemy, but a Dalian with a friend.

I rode on the ship of the fallen truth. In that position, he pressed his legs with both knees. With both hands, she grabbed her arms tightly.

To avoid any rebellion anymore.

"Ha, ha ..."

"Hey ..."

A sour sweaty rough breath filled the Dalian. Both of them were like a person who came through heavy rain. The ball had a feeling of wet hair.

Due to thin clothes, the flesh of the truth was reflected. I was embarrassed to stare at my face. It was close enough to feel the warmth of breathing.

"I won?"

"... 읏."

Jin Ye -seo turned his head sideways instead of a suit. Only then was the firearms in the pupils as if the mind came back.

Perhaps because he was defeated in a very shameful attitude, the face was red as if he was drunk.

***

"Did you calm down?"

I pulled out the water bottle out of the refrigerator in the corner. The truth, who was squatting with a towel, accepted it silently.

"...joy."

Deliberately I wanted to be pouting. After drinking a sip, she again asked me to give me a water bottle.

"So ... what is it really?"

"what?"

"Huh, will you remove Shichimi in the meantime?"

I left the rest of the water bottle handed by the truth. Then, Jin -seo shook his ax.

"I know how much I was worried about? I know I'm going back to the hospital, but I can't enter the ward because of my compassion."

"..."

"When I went to me, I got up and left it already left? Even that's the rebel?"

Jin -seo shot the horse.

"I was injured again and hospitalized again ... and even if I came back to the cradle, I would not tell you once ...!"

"for a moment..."

"And what ?? dad ?? Dad ???"

The truth has seen a lot of accumulation. Listening like this, her sadness makes sense.

"You'll have to explain this properly. Really ... Really Seoyeon's sister ...

There was no focus on the eyes of the truth. No matter how much Dalian is enough once a day.

But this ... what should I say?

"... my daughter is right."

"..."

And in that word, the truth stops the movement. I was dazzling and the wet moisture was getting rising.

I wanted to explain more before buying a misconception. I hurriedly opened my mouth and added a word.

"But you think ... there was no such thing."

"her?"

Then he raised his eyes as if he was talking about what he was talking about. Now she was staring at me with a look as if she was looking at the waste waste waste.

The explanation was needed more.

It's a bit a lot.

******************************* Chapter 244 *******************************

"Believe that now? Really who knows it as a fool ..."

My chest was stabbed. It was a trash treatment after a long time.

Once a truth, I stared at me with that kind of eyes all the time. I didn't miss that time, but ...

"Even if you lie!

The truth screams as if you can't stand it anymore. However, Jin -seo is one of the few people who have seen both of me and Yeon's face.

After entering the cradle, I never took off my face and revealed my face.

"I'm not a lie. I can't lie with this to you."

Then, the truth fluttered like a pierced song.

"That's it, but ... Hey! Don't say ...!"

"I really didn't have that relationship. If it's a lie, I can cut my neck."

"읏 ..."

There is a hesitation in the repeated towns. It wasn't a lie, so there was no distance.

"I can't believe it. If I knew that I would go to do so ..."

Unlike horses, the nursery rhymes in the green eyes are even greater. It was a gap that should not be missed. It was a good evidence that she believed in my morality.

I told her as again.

"There's a little bit of situation. It's a bit difficult right now, but I'll explain the postwar situation later. Promise."

"..."

Jin Ye -seo was a struggle, but the momentum that had just burned was already on the way. Surprisingly, she is rather weak because she comes out as a low posture.

If you look at this, there is a similar part.

Anyway, this is the best way to expose Sua's identity.

I was still very struggling to see how to treat the child, but ... I was sure that it was clear.

"I was adopted. What is it ..."

After a long silence. The truth, which has softened the momentum, sighs long. Somehow, I seemed to know the meaning of that grumbling.

First of all, it means to go over.

"Thank you. Believe me."

"Really, it's really ... in this case, as a cowardly low posture.

It was also a grumble that could not be felt.

ZGVPDDC2CMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVDGNWZEP3RCTKCJENSS0ZTIRYTIRTIRT2HXDLVCDULAT0TWAZMXW0YSW

The true book was not careful to take off the blanket covered with the upper body, and waved his hands and fans. The upper body is still sweaty Because of all, I didn't have a place to open my eyes.

"however..."

And or not, I looked at me and asked questions.

"Then really ... it was like that with Seoyeon's sister ...?"

"Well, that's right ..."

"Huh ..."

The bitter taste was on the tongue, but I couldn't deny this. Jin Ye -seo was immersed in a strange expression that he didn't know whether it was positive or cheating.

"But now, isn't it between seniors and seniors?"

"That's right too."

"What should I do? Don't you think about reunion?"

"..."

The casual curiosity continues to cook conscience. Of course, it is not that Jin -seo deliberately said that to scratch me. It's a natural question as a person who learned the situation ...

"And ... did you say Sua? So what do you want to do? You're still a kid. I think it's less than three years old. I still need all the love of parents ..."

Jin -seo seemed to accept my silence in a different sense, but that was only the theory.

Anyway, Sua is a young girl and also requires the right map.

Whether the identity is a cat or an alien creature.

No ... rather than human beings, so I had to do it even more.

As a human being, we must inject the right values ​​and moral pavilions to live with us. If not, the end is only ruin.

"Huh ..."

Jin -seo screamed again. Then he noticed that he was a sensitive topic.

"You'll take care of you, what. But can you just ask?"

"ask?"

"Yeah. Your daughter. Can you introduce you only once later?"

"That's not that much ... Why suddenly?"

"Just. I'm curious."

I answered with a strong face as if it was not a big deal.

"And I like kids a little."

"Yes? This is surprising."

"What is unexpected ... I promised anyway?"

It is an active attitude that is mistaken for desperate at first glance. I think it's a person who really likes kids.

It's surprising, but it's not bad for me. If you are friendly, you will be less shocked even if you reveal Sua's identity later.

When I was so upset, the outside was a dark night. We raised ourselves to return to the dormitory.

I walked through the hallway and asked Jin -seo.

"There's no big deal in the meantime? What else broke out ..."

At the same time, the cradle is relieved thanks to the return of the principal, but I can't let go. that The monsters were already in various parts of our society.

It would be nice to be able to predict what they will do again.

"Well ... I don't think there was."

And from the back, I hear the voice of the truth. Instead of walking side by side, I was a little curious about the intention of walking. It's just a vague guess that you're doing something like a rugged sound of the collar.

"The interior is finished to some extent ... Now only the north work ..."

"If it's north ... the barrier?"

And a familiar word popped out of the mouth.

"What happened to you?"

"... didn't you know?"

The true book seemed to be surprising. The ear was roughly open in the ward, but it wasn't possible to hear all the news.

"The chucks who went north continue to report signs of abnormalities of the demons.

"... Is that clear information?"

"It's almost certain. Because all the kids who have relatives in the Intelligence Agency were doing the same sound ..."

"..."

"Uh? What is the reaction?"

After all, the truth came to the side and raised the mouth as if to tease me. Then I approached the side and struck my shoulders.

"I didn't eat it even if I was scared? It's not that I will not say that I will be unconditionally."

Of course it's not like that. They've already killed more than dozens of beasts. Among them was a high -ranking demon of the Baekdu blood.

Rather, it was because of the fact that he had forgotten. Some of the witches I saw in my dreams were to head over the barrier.

Anxiety stabbed the brain. Of course, it won't go to a good purpose.

"Huhu."

Suddenly, the humid wind that digs into the ear awakens the mind. The truth was blowing the wind into my ear with a magpie's foot. I don't like the ridicule of that mouth.

"... who's scared."

"Hmm."

I answered late, but the ridicule adds deeper.

"Can you go in alone? I don't know if I'm scared at night.

"Don't blame. What is your sister ..."

Jin Ye -seo, who was trying to hug me by stretching his arm, laughed. After all, we were at the crossroads of the dormitory building.

"Go in. Thank you today ..."

Pook!

And he was turning to say goodbye to the true book. Suddenly, the soft texture digs along the back. There were three branches. One at the top, that And two side by side.

"What is this ..."

"... I'm glad to come back safely."

The forward arm stretches my waist strongly. I heard a muttering voice because I buried my face on my back.

"Really, really ..."

It was a moment when the worry of hiding in the attitude all the time was revealed to the surface of the Tick. I couldn't do anything.

Of course, I felt a complex feeling of gratitude and sorry for her, but that was not a reason.

Soon after the unilateral hug, the truth came back. It was because of the buried face of her face.

"Hey, you, you ..."

"Um, why?"

I stuttered, but the tribute only shook my head. It's a naive attitude like a rural girl who doesn't know anything. If you do this, you will only be a strange person.

"Huh ..."

Jin -seo put a strange smile in his mouth. She slipped her tongue half -tongue.

"Leave it. I'll definitely win next time."

Then he moved to the front of the dark foreground before he was caught and disappeared. I stood as it was.

It's completely different from soft flesh, heterogeneous and hard texture. Two too.

It was a texture that I didn't feel at all.

... that's why I made something with a promise with a true book before.

That's ... what was it?

***

Anyway, thanks to the truth, the purpose of heading to the Dalian room was able to achieve cold and overwhelming. The muscles of the whole body were still screaming.

Of course, there's a lot of unpleasantness, but it's just a trivial thing.

After a long time, the chestnut dormitory was dark without a light. It may be because compassion is staying in the disciplinary office.

Tonight, you have to spend alone. So it's time to spend the night alone.

At one time, I was familiar with it now.

I chewed the shallow loneliness and entered the dormitory and ignited the light.

And what I felt straight was something of something that I didn't even think about.

"Mo, come in now ...!"

A small creature that did not reach my knees was raising my eyes with both hands on my back. The threateningness of the ball is so cute.

I saw only one of my feelings.

It really looks like this ... the same as my mother.

******************************* Chapter 245 *******************************

"Wow ...!"

The pupils were rather sloppy. The appearance of Lee Mok -gu, even a minor habit of raising his arms. Perhaps you may be like a young man when she was young. Looking at this, my daughter is really right.

But there was also a clear difference. At that time, Yeon was nervous and sensitive because of the fate of the time limit. Even the dedicated use of Yani, who looked at me, sometimes couldn't afford her runaway and asked me for help.

Compared to that time, Sua's struggle is cute.

really.

", 킁 ..."

Then Sua shook her nose alone. Sua, who was focusing on smelling for a long time, stopped and questioned.

"The smell of another female is shared ..."

... Did you smell the body because of the Dalians with the truth? It is certainly that Sua and the truth need to be acquainted.

If you said that in front of others ... I don't want to think about it later.

"This guy.

"Hueng."

That doesn't mean you have to be scolded right now. Sua is just lacking common sense.

Lightly grab the Sua's ball and stretch it. I hugged Sua in his arms and headed to the bathroom. It was just a good time.

Sua questioned it.

"Dad, where are you going?"

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVATVATVNNOVDFNNOVDFNJA2OWKZDTY1PXDLU3AXLBW1QSFRVQ3JNAQ

"To take a bath."

"Huh."

Then Sua's body hardens. It was an obvious horror that was filled with a big eye. Sua immediately tried to get out of my arms with his limbs.

"Sue, Sua bathing ..."

I don't know who's from a cat. But this time, I will not listen to Sua's wishes.

Bath is one of the essential elements for human beings to live like humans. So it's an obvious job organic work as a parent who leaves her daughter.

When he stepped into the bathroom, Sua smiled as he burst into soap bubbles as if he did. Afterwards, I sat on the table and had a light dinner.

"Chew ...."

I looked at Sua sitting opposite. I saw a strange appreciation when I saw a life with a pupil that resembles me.

For a moment, it feels full of peace and hope in the world. I hope you don't know. If this small moment of happiness is eternal.

*

"Dad ... I'm sleepy ... "

Sua, who sat in a chair and slept, rubbed her eyes and held it on my legs. I hugged Sua and headed to the bedroom. I was trying to put it on the bed and cover the blanket. Sua shouted as if he had forgotten something.

"kiss!"

"...what?"

"I'm forgotten !!"

Sua, who caused her body, jumped her arm and jumped. I hugged Sua again with a very desperate attitude. Well, it's not special for a child to want his parents' warmth ...

"licking."

"... Sua?"

Sua's kiss is very unusual. Sua struck her tongue and flipped on my lips. And the animal that comes to mind is a cat.

It's a kiss that I know to lightly fit my lips in the ball or mouth. Do you have to teach Sua?

"... Sua?"

It was true that I was in such a light trouble. Suddenly Sua stopped the movement. The visual tranquility was wrapped around the bedroom.

"..."

The hardened Sua was staring at me. Like a person who has been shocked by something big.

In the eyes of the eyes, there was a lot of weak moisture. Soon Sua distorted her face and shed tears.

"Huh ... huh ..."

The sad crying breaks the silence of the night. The sadness of soothing even if it soothe, it was adding to that depth. And I was barely able to go to bed only after I cried and fell asleep.

And that night I dreamed.

***

I was running where I might be somewhere. The blurry scenery will be expanded as soon as it expands.

Dried grass and tree. Below it is a land that exudes toxic steam while splitting.

With the vivid five senses, the smell of the smell digs the nose. Even if the muscles of the limbs were kicked to the bottom of the chin, the muscles of the limbs did not stop the urgent jump.

I looked back and looked at the party. What you see is familiar faces. Three sisters. The elite and precious elite of the 66th Regiment.

There is a lot of large and small raw stomachs all over the body. The protective clothing and blade, which had not been maintained for more than a few days, were already tattered. It is already impossible to repair already.

Why are you running this strange place with your sisters?

It didn't take a long time until I solved the question. Suddenly, a sticky liquid that was unknown to the floor on the floor sheds my face like a mirror.

Sharp torn eyes are always tired.

It's a pleasure of life to squeeze me or squeeze me or die to die. The person seemed to be regarded as.

I was ...

-Jean, Sehwa, Chaewon! Is it okay?

Soon there was a familiar voice from my mouth. Sisters who looked at each other and exchanged their eyes for a while nodded.

-I'm not yet! Than that ... in front!

-Quene !!

I immediately turned my head and watched the front. A bizarre beast of a bizarre beast popped out with the crying that seemed to be torn. Thousands of pieces of tentacles that are wriggling all over their bodies, it rushes to us as soon as it opens the snout.

I have already pulled out the blades that have been out of many. And he cut down dozens of tentacles fired like an awl and burned the beast's back. Stinging the spinal bone and scratching down, the painful crying comes out.

Soon, a huge size fell and the surrounding atmosphere was rippled.

-The variation of the beasts is increasing. I'm sure you're approaching the backbone of erosion.

I nodded and did not slow down. In the past memories of the waves, I was integrated with the owner of the body.

The reason we stepped into this land is that we finally caught the tail of the ghost, which had been chased for 15 years. But it did not require a long time to realize the illusion.

In this game, hunters are not us. All of this was a trap to keep me purely, and we were caught in the middle of the enemy's siege while we didn't notice.

It's been a long time since I have already been blocked. Then there is only one way. To penetrate the heart of the hunter.

So several days of enforcement troops continued. Plants that are bizarre twisted and out toxic spores everywhere, powerful beasts who chase us in unison as if they were obsessed with anything.

Every element around all sides reacted hostively to us. Thanks to this, the enemy's heart was in place, but the members were already in the bottom.

The problem was other.

-jin! Wake up!

-Huh, huh?

The eyes of the members are blurred and repeated. There were also members who shook their heads as if they were trying to get rid of something.

In the middle of hell we were crazy. We faced each nightmare. I know it's a classic technique of the witches that blur the reason of the intelligence, but this was unavoidable.

-The friend ... ...

And I have a ghost. Very old Pacheon's ghost.

-How, that's ... that, but why ... me ...

-It's noisy.

In the open eye hole I poured out blood and started to whisper again. Because of today, I put my blade in my mouth. Of course there was no sense of blow.

-Hi, hi, hi ...!

The scattered form like a fog left a terrible smile that scratches the brain. Soon the voice of the ghost predicts ruin.

-In hell ... I'll wait ... Let's meet soon ... friend ...

*

In the ruins of the old civilization with the sea to the east. We finally faced the hunter's reality.

Five women were surrounding us everywhere. Later, the shadows of huge beasts passed by.

-It is a great person.

And a central woman who was arrogantly laid us all the time opened her mouth.

-I'll break through the siege with less than half of its heyday.

I could see it intuitively. That is the man who called us here after putting us into the trap.

And what to do is clear. Kill all the witches here. Including that year, as if it was something.

The long battle begins soon. The members, who have been together for more than a decade, were receiving enemy attacks like a body.

I finally woke up the first witch's head. One day later, the second witch followed. After twice, he finally picked up the third witch and the fourth witch's throat.

-The great, it's amazing.

And only one thing left is a witch.

-The qualification of unity is enough! All of you!

I ignored a complimentary ridicule and aimed at the woman's brow. Woode! From all sides, giant beasts jump out and wrap the witch. The new members who block the beasts that cover the blacks all over the place, like ants, leave. Because they were already able to capture, they had little energy left.

Suddenly I reached the witch alone. It is cut behind and full of the mountain of the bean body.

Even the omnipotent gods cannot stop the attack on this street. It's about those bugs. If you just put the day in the brow, you will soon cries like a squeaky beast.

But the witch stood without a slight smile. Soon the skin is decorated and starts to change the form. Soon, a woman's face, such as a pure white lady, smiled softly as she looked at me.

-oil well...

It was only a very hesitation caused by the drawing of the soul. I knew better than anyone that that was not a reality.

But it was a cold hesitation to make a brief gap.

-I said.

And a woman with a subtle smile sweetened her lips .

-You will not be stuck.

-Fu!

And with the terrible pain that penetrates the heart, finally I woke up from my dream.

*

"Hey ...!"

The cold sweat flows like rain. The ends of the fingertips were trembling. The spirit is still in the middle of the battlefield, and the body was already feeling the texture of a comfortable bed.

I looked at the window as if it were unfolded. Maybe because of the strong wind, the windows were rushed today. The wind was blowing northeast.

"heartbreak?"

******************************* Chapter 246 *******************************

Even after a long time, the trembling of the body continued. I stared beyond the window with anxiety that I could not shake off. There was a direction and sisters.

"ha..."

It's a terrible and unpleasant dream. It's a dream to be a leader and penetrates the witch. Are you so nervous recently? But no matter how much you have to be ...

The terrible dream was that the delusions were increasing the size. I tried to sink my useless thoughts, but it was not easy.

Is it because it was too vivid to be a dream? If you are related to them, you can't flip over. I continued to fall into the bog of thought.

...if.

If the scenery I saw was not a dream, but really happened in reality ...

"... let's quit."

With a breath of breath-I turned back the consciousness. It is a family that feels ridiculously bad just to think of it for a while.

Denplicate or sisters. Isn't it the veterans who have been on the battlefield for more than a decade?

No matter how they can't be hit by the witch ...

"Dad ..."

"Sua?"

Suddenly I turned to the voice. Sua, who woke up, was rubbing her eyes. I was still glamoring around my eyes.

Did you wake up because of my popularity? I covered the blanket again, but Sua didn't close his eyes. I hesitated as if I had something to say.

"Suah. Do you have anything to say?"

And Sua, who hesitated, finally opened her mouth.

"Dad ... maybe ... did you try ...?"

"strength...?"

"Sua gives me ..."

Was it the power of power and magic? I nodded after a while. And to reassure Sua, he deliberately said.

"I'm writing well. I wrote it a while ago. Thanks ..."

"Wow ..."

I think it was an incorrect answer. Sua shook her head and shed tears.

"It's not ..."

It was a bit of a heart. Sua may not know about collapse syndrome. Is it like an instinct as the original owner of power?

"Dad ..."

After a while, Sua squeezed her head.

"No now ..."

"... no?"

"... Yeah. Sua's power ... Now if you use it now ..."

I was really thinking about it now. It is me, not anyone else who feels more sensitive to getting worse.

Of course, I can't guarantee that I will never use absolute power and magic ... Minimal attention was to be done.

But momentarily strange air flows around my body. Something beyond just worry was in Sua's eyes seeing me.

First of all, it was first to reassure Sua. It was like that again.

Sua hesitated to say something that had endured.

"If you write again ... then you really die ..."

And heavy air subsided.

I forgot what to say and stared at Sua. A child resembling Yeon was still shedding tears.

"Now ... I can't fix Sua ..."

It was not difficult to grasp the meaning. Only one word comes to mind.

'breakdown.'

I was frustrated at the moment as if the reaper sinned. Sua's words meant only one fact.

Now there is no opportunity left for me.

"... Sua. Can I just ask one?"

After a while, I opened my mouth carefully. It was because of the question of mixing half of worry and curiosity. It was also a question that must be solved.

And perhaps, Sua in front of you will be the only person to solve this question.

"Do you know how much your dad can live in the future?"

"..."

Then Sua stared at me. I frowned my eyebrows, put my lips on my lips, and thought about something.

Soon Sua stretched her little finger forward and counted something. And two repeated intersections were seen. 6 and 10.

"... 60 years old?"

Does it mean that you can live until then? I feel like the Mac is a little loose. I think it's too relaxed than I thought.

As a wizard, it is a very short -lived axis. If he is 60 years old, he is far below the average wizard average.

Of course, it's a cold and cold.

Can I enjoy enough life unless it's overwhelming? In fact, small magic may be fine. The extreme crowd of body is when you liberated the best hierarchy of combat magic.

Perhaps there may be a solution in the meantime. Whether medical technology develops or witches to find out how.

Those thoughts were quickly passing by their heads.

"Woo ..."

Sua carefully shook her head. Along with him, the relief just melted without a trace.

And with still sadness, Sua slowly opened her mouth.

"Sixty ... night."

***

I opened my eyes to the blue light at dawn. It has been two hours since I fell asleep.

When I got up, Sua was invisible. Some traces are a few soft hair and moist and crushing lips It's about a sense.

Is this the treatment of Sua's own?

I don't know the principle, but I was convinced that Sua didn't know it for a while.

Perhaps if it wasn't for that child, wouldn't it be ashes and disappeared?

Thank you for Sua. However, it is a bit unfortunate that the effort has no longer shines.

I mechanically packed my uniform and prepared for the schedule.

At the same time, I replayed a conversation with Sua yesterday.

Surprisingly, the nursery rhyme was not in the mind. The head is also calm down.

Is it already left my hand? Or maybe it's because there's no realism yet.

Two months ... Is it 59 days now? Anyway, it's like a day. But my body is so fine. I'd rather be able to realize death if I was lying in bed and moaning in pain.

Although it is fresh, there is no regret. I did my best for the moment and I derived the best results every time.

That's just that.

Correction was a waxing student. Everything was the same as usual.

The difference is that because of yesterday's work, the gaze that pours towards me is worse than usual.

"Huh, a celebrity came."

And in the lecture room, a big boy who was a big boy welcomed me. I am Choi Woo -jin, the younger brother of the leader.

It's been a long time to mix this guy and horses. Is it the first time since I went through the cradle together to find Professor Shin Jae -yu that day. Oh, I saw a face that split out from a distance yesterday ...

"This is, every time I see it, it's amazing. How to update an accident every time ..."

"Shut up. It's noisy."

I don't know that I saved my life. I don't think it's going to be frustrated, but it's a bit rude.

ES82CEF3M2JNBHLDCJVTUDBMK3VQ3VQUM5PRWTUMTUMTUMFZUDW9CY0X3AVNVEJBSBMBMHLRRVDFMHLRVDFFMz2VQEQ

How many faces and face before you die? It's not bad.

The lecture begins with the name of the professor. Since the principal's return, the cradle has been quickly regaining its former appearance. Everyday was flowing as if nothing happened.

And Choi Woo -jin constantly expressed his curiosity with a small voice even after the lecture began.

"Hey. A nasty guy. Let's ask only one. That cute girl. Really your daughter ..."

"Is it my daughter. Think about it. You're a younger brother or a relative. "

"Huh ..."

The nodded head nodded as if he was convinced.

"No matter how much it is, I wouldn't have touched the ban on Pacheon's ban.

"Who is the troublesome ..."

"Oh, and did you hear the news?"

Choi Woo -jin turned the topic of pretending not to hear me.

"tidings?"

"Baek Seo -yeon and senior senior.

It was the first news. Still, a smiley smile was fun.

"The disciplinary room was almost half -breaked. Because two people collide in it."

"...what?"

"It was said that it was a half -war situation. Haehwa was also furious.

Damn, the noise that was heard from afar before going to bed was the sound of the disciplinary office.

I feel like my homework is in front of me. On the other hand, I was able to recognize the fragments of my reality.

How should I explain my death to the two? I couldn't get a sense of where to start.

I haven't felt reality yet ... maybe it's natural.

There is only one thing that is clear in this situation.

I am now ... no one can choose.

"So, which one is it?"

"what."

"Which of the two is?"

And he was scratching me without knowing the speed of others. Why did you have only the seat next to this guy?

"Do you know that both know what's going to happen?

"Please shut up. I can't hear the professor's words because of you ..."

-Pulture!

And the shooting of the shooting was cut off with the open door. A messed man was gasping and breathing. Soon the eyes of everyone in the classroom were focused on him.

Roh, who had a bad feeling because of the discontinuation of the lecture, was frowned upon by seeing him.

"You, what is this during the lecture ..."

"I, from ahead ...!"

However, the cry that protruded in thought was buried with the professor's labor. There is only one place in the Republic. Northern.

And there was only one electrolyte.

"The demons of the demons ... the barrier is pierced ...!"

******************************* Chapter 247 *******************************

"At around 4 am today, the demons of 50,000 demon troops have broken down the northwestern part of the barrier and started south."

Hwayang Hall where all students gather. A senior officer in the military was briefing on the current situation. In the scenes projected as a projector, the red dots representing the demons were so dizzy that they could not count.

"It's an unprecedented massive invasion. This is why the front was blocked even though it was preparing for the attack. Currently, our military is blocking the hubs and is responding, and the mobilization order has already been issued throughout the Republic."

There were some nursery rhymes everywhere in the number of 50,000. As if he was concerned about him, he was more powerful in the voice of the officer.

"In accordance with paragraph 3, paragraph 5 of the establishment of the cradle, you are a soldier from the integrated command from now on. Soon you will be given an identification number and will be headed to the battlefield as soon as you prepare.

A simple briefing continued at a high speed. Even after the officer exited after the explanation, the students gathered together to talk.

Soon the cluttered air comes in on the nose.

There was a good atmosphere. The voice feels exciting than fear.

Demons, the devils living beyond the barrier, and the beasts full of malice.

They are the official largest agency of the Republic of Korea. If you have a break, he is not enough to devour the north, and he is a wicked seed that passes the Magi and Black Magic to the Bima Wizard.

The stories I heard from a religious person who had been in a village when I was young often come to mind these days.

He called the demon's origin as unbelievers who did not believe in the gods who lived in the north. And angered by their ugliness, the gods dropped the sacred stars and changed the unbelievers into ugly beasts with horns and fur.

The origin of black magic was also in line with their birth. The demons could not use the magic of grace because of the anger of the gods, and eventually became a significant dependence on the black magic, which is the power of the planned ruin.

It was a good story for me. Of course, I know that it is a religious point of view that is far from the fact.

In fact, the identity of the demons is the same human being. As we saw in anatomy classes, their organs and our organs matched all parts.

Luckyly, it was near the Nakseong branch, so it was exposed to large quantities of particles, and the genes twisted due to the overexpression. It was the orthodoxy of the crab.

Wherever you go, there are similar sightseeing talks. Magi and black magic are simply a means of operating particles with twisted bodies.

On the other hand, we were lucky to have caused the right side because of the falling point, and we could learn how to deal with particles in a more stable way.

Well, because I heard a sad situation, I didn't have to sink about them. It is just an academic approach and is, of course, a separate thing that beasts have done.

I personally hate them. Two years ago, the seeds that burned our village and devastated people were the beasts.

Since the general manager has reached me, he has cut the demons in the northeast, but there has been no way to fill in sorrow and emptiness.

"Silver in ten supply and demand, no medals in fifty ..."

"The second class species are from three to silver ..."

"So how much pension ...? Even if you only get a medal ..."

Normally, those who have this conversation are students who have been upside down with one ability. Military major is an essential element of success. In the beginning, if we graduated from cradle, we would have a military life in military life for several times.

This time, however, that time only reached quickly. It is the purpose of the establishment of the cradle and also the education we received.

Even the first graders who could not fill the semester of the semester were showing their best. Needless to say, the second grade with a year earlier's curriculum or the third grade, which has already been put into the battlefield.

But it's something to see if that enthusiasm is true courage or just a person without experience.

"It's time. I thought this day would come."

Large hands on your shoulders. Choi Woo -jin, a big boy, swept his fist with a snort.

He was revealing his own goodness without filtration.

"What do you think?"

"I think that it is as it looks."

OGPDWU1VWJDDCEDUMD1NCD1NC95SNvvbuWE5KVHNyycu90dx0tmzms1norw9i3DTVXNZM3HRB0HRB0HRB0HRB0HRB0HRB0HRB0HRB0

Choi Woo -jin laughed at the blunt response.

"I can't help it. To get to the core position of the future military, at least two -digit experience must be."

"Was you a guard?"

"Isn't it natural? It's better for aptitude. Anyway, my sister will take care of it."

Choi Woo -jin who heard me The sesame is shaking.

"And that. It's a compliment for me. Wouldn't it be better than playing the opposite way to look like anyone?"

"What do you mean to me? How do you know what I look like."

"It's obvious. It's like a thin parasitic brother.

"..."

Even if you look around other students in the name of the master, you are not reluctant to war. Rather, they were sharing a similar consensus to those of the previous one.

This is because of the honor of individuals and families rather than monetary compensation. As Choi Woo -jin said, it was said that military service was essential to play the military or the highest parliamentary role in the future.

"Hi, Hiik ..."

Of course, there was an exception. A male student chewed his nails with a tired face.

"No, Kook Jae -ryong? You should now get out of the family's mourning complex ... Oh, what is it!"

"Wow, wow ..."

Choi Woo -jin, who approached him, smiled and hit his back. Soon there was a sound of spitting out of the nausea.

***

I exited Hwayang Hall and headed to the boarding facility. It was a luggage, but I needed a minimum of theorem.

It was a confused head, but now the strands of thoughts were getting caught.

It is a life that is less than two months left anyway. If so, would it be more honorable to die on the battlefield?

It is better than a terrible death of the whole body.

Wouldn't it be more reward for the manager and the Black Route who reaped me?

This situation will soon come out of disciplinary office. Compared to the large -scale war, it is just a trivial quarrel.

And if you face them ... then you have to say the truth.

I don't think it's easy to persuade. But somehow, it is true that you have to understand them.

"ha..."

I sighed with a swearing distance. I think it was a problem that the answer did not come out.

The new dormitory that grabs the thoughts of the balloons was in front of the nose. Once I was trying to go in, I was caught in a strange sense at the moment.

"uh...?"

My gaze that stopped walking was fixed at one point. In the middle of the stairs in front of the boarding facility, there was something.

There was something heterogeneous that did not match the surrounding landscape.

Soon I could recognize that it was the arm of a bloody person.

It was the right arm in the direction of the finger. The sculptures of raw and broken rooms are engraved on various places It made me know that the owner of the arm was a soldier.

The trembling did not go away. This is because he clearly knew the owner of this arm.

I always hesitated with me with a blade, and when I had a break, I hesitated my head with my fist, and I hesitated to stroking my head that I left for the cradle.

And now, like a heresy offer, the arms are dumped on the stairs.

What was in front of the head was the right arm of the leader.

"However, the director ..."

I was stupid and picked it up. The texture of death, which was hardened without warmth, was clearly transmitted.

Contrary to the extended pupil, the view was very narrow. The cold sweat was pouring throughout the body.

It was a vivid nightmare last night.

"Why is this ... here ..."

-Did you finally?

And someone's voice comes from behind the back. It was very blurry as if the noise was mixed.

I turned around and confirmed the owner of the voice. What was there was a white crow sitting on a fence railing with empty necks.

There was a lot of dark red blood stations on the claws of the hairless crow. It was obvious that the crow had a lot of arms of the owner's arm.

-How is it my gift? Do you like it?

And with the sound of the bleak-blood drops, someone's voice came out of the empty crow's throat.

-I said.

It was a good voice. I have encountered this arrogant and opponent's personality.

-I soon ... I will send you a return.

******************************* Chapter 248 *******************************

"... Legulus."

-The name of my name comes out of the mouth of a lower life. Did the traitor told me?

Every time a blurry voice sounds, the blood bounced from the cross section of the neck. The crow's body, which had reached its end of life, was increasingly trembling.

-It's rewarding for the gift. If you look at it like this.

"How did you ... how did you?"

-well? What did you think?

The whole body trembled. It hurts as if the blood rises with the head. It is a sense of anger, not fear.

In this situation, it is a useless feeling. I knew very well that my anger was a nourishment that caused his pleasure.

But right now, the crow's neck was as patient as I can now.

-Do you try to match it?

In the midst of this, it was fortunate that the minimum reason remained. There is a time left to stand with two feet without a neck. I had to draw the maximum clues from him.

Whatever the clue related to the situation.

-Fuhu, pretend not to know everything. I kindly sent a dream. Don't you remember?

But in the words of a neckless bird, the heartbreaking pain with the heart again wrapped up the whole body.

"no way..."

The witch's disturbance whisper only meant only one fact. Last night that was more than a nightmare.

-You must have finally remembered!

Blood-blooded voices of Pu-Sho-High-tone.

-The human beings who have the power of Polaris thought that we could see our memory. Well, you don't have to be grateful. I just thought it was a wasteful sight. In the world, it's a sight that penetrates the chest of the grandfather ...

Let's calm. The first thing to think about that is now. Each word is so obvious that you want to stimulate me on purpose.

-Ax surprisingly stupid human. I couldn't forget a woman who passed by, so I missed work at the end. You should have seen that look ...!

There is nothing that can be done by the body of a crow, not the body. That's why you throw your arms like that and try to shake me up by making fun of your tongue.

-Inall that? Yes, the director was worried about your comfort just before he pierced his chest. Are you doing a good academy?

As the crow smiled, he shaken the wings.

-It's what it says Is this? Who was worried about a man without that blood or tears? Even others, not blood ...!

While talking, my head cooled down a bit. Thanks to this, I was able to organize the situation by excluding the emotions as much as possible. Of course, even that had to be a lot of mind.

First of all, it is clear that there is something to change to the leader and sisters. I could realize the reason why the nightmare was too vivid last night, as well as the hardened arms in front of my eyes.

The leader was the biggest agency of the witches. If you killed it, you would be happy.

However, in order to leave only ridicule, the crow's body could not be made to come to this far.

"What do you want to say."

-Hmm ...

I heard a small laugh. A brief silence continued.

-The precious leader and sisters. What if you are still alive?

And after a while, in a very simple word that came with blood, the heart that was firmly ate collapsed.

-Fuhu, I decided to give them mercy. Instead of risking fleeting, I will interpret them and accept them as 'us'.

The crow shakes the wings again. I was rotten, and the blood flowed out, so the time was really long now.

"Mercy ...?"

-It was quite difficult enemies. It's enough to be interpreted. Well, I don't have much time. Exactly I barely hold on to my breath.

The meaning of the interpretation he says is unknown to me. But as much as the reason for saying that was clearly known.

The witch was calling me to their land.

With the lives of the leader and sisters.

I am just disgusting. He knew so well about our weaknesses. Nevertheless, there was no hesitation to sell it at all.

Paradoxically, it will be possible because it does not have our heart.

-If you really value them, it's a good thing to come to save. Oh, but don't think about borrowing others' hands. If you don't come directly, you may be disappointed and you may burst the head of the first person ...

"... I'm not deceived."

-what?

"Your lie ... I'm not deceived."

And I forcibly opened my mouth and squeezed. Somehow, I did my best to pretend to be casual.

"The general managers and sisters would have died, and it's too late to go now. Even if they are alive, they won't want to save my salvation. You don't know them. I'm sorry but in your disgusting lies. . "

-Fuh ... Fuhi ...!

But I overlooked one thing.

-No, that's not it.

The devil is seeing our hearts so accurately.

-The thoughts are not important now.

A blurry voice opened my mouth again. In it, the pleasant sign was felt.

-The important thing is your heart now. The hatred, revenge, anxiety, and ... even hope.

Ki -ki. The laughter laughs in the air.

-You have no choice but to get out to save them. That's the most important proposition of our dialogue. Even

The neckless crow was no longer able to go. As if he was drunk, he trembled his wings and stumbled on his legs.

And soon, the blurry voice left the last word like a will.

-... Even if all that's just to say is false.

-Prom!

Feathers and blood are scattered everywhere. The flavor of the bloody blood is on the tip of the tongue. It was a sense of death that was coldly cooled down.

When it was, the surrounding area was quiet. But the last word of the witch was still holding me up like a curse.

The fact that it was hard to deny its whisper was terrible above all.

"shit..."

***

"..."

Principal's office. Wolhwa was staring at the old disciples' arms with a calm sinking gaze. At first glance, no feelings could be read in the eyes.

After a long time, Haewolhwa turned his eyes. The masked boy who brought his arm was tired.

If you go to his endangered inner side, you could feel it very well.

"You're a shallow masterpiece."

And after the long silence, it opened its mouth.

"You said you had a dream?"

"yes."

"And I had a dream in a similar way?"

"you're right."

The masked boy nodded lightly at her words.

"But if you look at the situation ... it's obvious that it's not a dream, it's a really happening. I can't explain it properly.

"You don't have to explain it on purpose. Because I believe in you too."

Haewolhwa broke the voice of a boy who trembled lightly.

"Isn't it a situation that contains their power in the body. If witches can share their thoughts, you can also be possible too."

As she approached the couch, she buried her body and naturally took out the beginning and set fire. Soon sweet With the incense, the five -colored smoke spewed into the air.

"The captive witch Spica is like that. They are eager to recover your power."

Soon she turned to the masked boy again.

"This is also a masterpiece for him. It's a provocation that is very good to decorate you. You know that?"

"...yes."

Wolhwa was able to let go of his heart a little while nodding. Both sides must be assumed to be the story.

The power of masked boys was originally to destroy the creatures of this land.

If you add an exaggeration, you can't dare to oppose any wizard.

The power was now a dagger to stab the witches. It is natural for witches to want to recover power.

And of course, it was not possible to pass it.

"... I had to know. Once I go and go a little bit. I will do this now."

I saw the boys of the mask with the tall of Haewolhwa.

"But thank you for knowing my will. If you lose it here, we ..."

But suddenly, Wolhwa closed his mouth. A strange energy was leaking from the boy. Wolhwa could immediately realize that he was mistaken.

"No."

Haewolhwa, who guessed his will, shook his head. The girl who woke up at the spot was staring at the masked boy.

Now he was treating the sunset with a calm attitude.

"If you don't come yourself, you will kill you and your sisters."

"I'm bullshit. I didn't say. It's an obvious masterpiece."

Haewolhwa made a job and he cut his words on the spot.

"The children are already dead. Don't be regret anymore. Don't you know? If you go from here, their sacrifice becomes a bubble ...!"

"I have to go. As long as the possibility remains."

"I can't allow it."

ES82CEF3M2JNBHLDCJVTUDBMMUXTB3DW1PSNLASVENZYMKD6WFDBQSTXUGDTQ3FMZF0TLVLVDEWWQ

"I'm sorry, but I didn't come to get permission."

The eyes below were shining softly. It was not so difficult to guess his full will.

"I came to notice."

******************************* Chapter 249 *******************************

"... what?"

The tone of the sunset, which seemed to be soothe and soothe, turned quickly. It was because it was a very dry and dangerous remarks to listen to it.

Soon after her, the atmosphere of the office began to flow. The noise of households and documents rang out Lee Hyun's ears.

"It's really a way. Now it's an exhibition. And I'm a big correlation.

"I think that I had a good example just by delivering their news. I don't have the right to stop me."

When it was sparse, the pupils were seen over.

He was struggling to maintain calm. At first glance, the calm attitude is the result of such efforts.

And Wolhwa was able to grasp Lee's inner way just by seeing it for a while.

The inner side is already being colored with sorrow and anger.

So I couldn't send it more.

The eyebrows of the sunset were greatly bent in the voice of cutting the persuasion. As reflecting her labor, the back of the back was fiercely rotated.

"I don't tell you. If I don't come myself, I will kill the leaders and sisters right away. I can't even take any risks ..."

"Didn't you say. They are already dead."

It was asserted that Haewolhwa was not worth it. There was no sorrow or longing for old disciples in cold eyes. At first glance, it looked like that.

"And you know where they are and you are looking for it. We are looking for the witch's home. We are looking for it. If we crush them, we can also break down the demons who invaded this time.

"..."

"How do you do your home alone ..."

"You can find it."

"...what?"

Haewolhwa opened his eyes. As Lee Hyun was trying to feel something, he repeatedly grabbed the lifted hand.

"I feel the direction. It's like someone calls me. It's a witch's masterpiece. I want to invite me to their land."

"Wait, if you feel the direction ..."

Haewolhwa, who seemed to be struggling for a while, shook his head straight.

"... I can't do it, but not to be stubborn."

"Isn't it a good thing for the Republic. The general managers and sisters have already been hit hard on them. It's like that. It would be part of the deliberately stimulated to recover my power. "

"Do you know that a guy who knows so well?"

Haewolhwa screamed. It was intense representation that the window was gold.

"I saw people wrong. I was quite unusual, but I didn't know that I would be stupid. It's not a wizard to be swayed by unnecessary feelings.

"If you are a principal, you don't know. My major in the military. A few active Experts can't reach me. I must give my life to kill witches and rescue the generals and sisters ..."

"I can't. Don't sound. I never send it. Let's go back to the dormitory and unpack it again. You'll have to stay with me throughout this war."

"... more conversation will be meaningless."

-Quang !!

Lee Hyun was trying to turn around. Suddenly, smoke rose from the foot with the roar. The flooring in front of his shoes was dark.

"You have to use it to listen to you."

Lee Hyun, who was watching the floor, turned his head.

"... I think you're weaker than before.

"Who do you think it's because of it? Thanks to you, you can't go to the battlefield and keep it like this."

"That's hard to stop me."

"Huh, who dare not miss the fluffy, who is trying to gauge. It's enough with one hand for a chick that you don't know."

Lee Hyun's words laughed as if the girl with a new face was not funny.

"I'll be lying down with a full body fracture for about three months. Then everything will be over. The hair that has been running will cool enough.

At the same time, Haewolhwa shook his finger. Soon six, six older battles, who were called in the air, flooded with Lee Hyun with a roar.

V3VHT2Y0CJEWSWV0CLZ2DDDLV3ZEDXK2UEDOWUDOWU4ZHNAMNAZCYSLG4RTNAZCYSLG4RTNVWDYENTVWK4VUIXT2FISQ

Lee Hyun was still looking at them without thinking. Haehwa was lightly frowned in the strange airflow. No matter how good you were, you would be inevitable if you were attacked now.

However, there is no intention of making magic fluffy or bending the angle. It was. The troubled disciples who didn't listen were tingling. To him some sacrifice was enough.

"what..."

However, Haewolhwa, which was in preparation for a huge explosion soon, woke up.

-Shoya ...

The spots of flooding with a roar that seemed to tear off their ears were not here. Instead, the only thing that came into the view of the sun was the particles of light filled with the air in the office.

Lee Hyun, who scattered the particles of the spheres, approached Haewolhwa at a high speed. Haewolhwa bite his lips.

"..., that's what you have ..."

I already knew about Lee's power. At the time of the last core runaway, he was already reported by the professors that he was a mysterious power.

But just putting it in your head with knowledge. And shock when you see it yourself.

The two were not comparable at all. The first feeling of helplessness that I felt for the first time was wrapped around the whole body of the sun.

It was a strange and fresh shock to her. The seasons have changed dozens of times, but no one has dared to feel that sense to Haewolhwa.

Lee Hyun, who has a typical stance, digs into the hurricure of Haewolhwa. The principal, who noticed Yorim -soo, stretched his arm and instinctively gained magic.

And the magic was broken like a sand egg before it had a perfect form.

"no..."

Rarely embarrassed light is engraved on her face. Lee Hyun was approaching the nose of Haewolhwa.

Soon after, the tight fist was accurately stuck in the belly of the sunshawing.

"Big ...!"

The pain of waking up the nerve cells that was dadly wrapped around her predecessor. Haehwa, which was no longer balanced, took a breath with four feet on the floor.

"Hey, 헉 ...!"

At the moment, it was unfamiliar to the brain. Not long ago, even when I lost my eyes to the witch, I didn't feel this intensity.

She had no resistance than cradle freshmen. There was no person in this country at least who dared to touch her body.

And Lee Hyun's voice was heard over her head.

"The principal did not speak directly last time. The only person who can subdue you is ...

"Hah, huh ... surely, I did.

"But I hit you as much as possible."

"Huh ... this is a gently hit ...?"

And sorry The face of the principal was engraved on the face of the principal.

"There will be no aftermath.

"for a moment..."

Soon the footsteps go away. Haehwa, who barely breathed, stumbled and raised his body. And dozens of fighters made by writing magic were thrown into Lee Hyun again.

"No ... Didn't you ...!"

Like a living snake, a wriggling noose narrowed the siege everywhere. Soon I heard a light sigh from beyond it.

"ha..."

And this time, the 올 was only scattered into the air, making it into a light. Lee Hyun, who turned through the light, caught the wrist of Haewolhwa.

Then he put her on the floor as if she had lifted her with weight and acceleration.

-Quang!

The roar of the building resonates. Haewolhwa was revealed that the dusty dust was blown once and became terrible.

"Huh ... ..."

The car's colorful dress was torn in a mess and showed flesh everywhere. In the matted hair, the usual neatness could not be found.

Lee Hyun, looking down on the messy sunset, opened his mouth with a painful voice.

"To the principal who is a man ... I don't want to commit rudeness."

"Ha, ha ..."

"So please ... don't stop my way anymore."

Lee Hyun, who left the last words, turned around. But this time, the popularity of someone coming from behind was heard. If you are a principal, is it difficult to overpower without seeing blood? Lee Hyun was trying to turn around, thinking about whether the principal's intestines should rupture.

What I felt was the texture of the soft skin and the lukewarm body temperature over it.

"No ... yes."

Wolhwa, who came to the end, was blocking him with his whole body. I hugged Lee Hyun like a vine.

Already in the body, the power of magic was not found. She was doing him with purely will.

"It's not an honorable battlefield ... I can send a disciple in a certain place .... I can never make a disciple like that ..."

"Wolhwa ..."

"Please ... Please ... listen to this body ..."

The principal's voice was felt wet. Desperately, she had long been able to take off the mask of coolness.

Soon it was as if it was in the office where it was a dwarf plate. Only the breathing of the principal was only intermittently.

"..."

little Lee Hyun, whose head has subsided, grabbed the principal's hand and carefully removed. What was seen as I turned around was the face of a girl with tears in the eyes.

And he was in agony for a while and finally opened his mouth.

"Anyway I ... I can't live for a long time."

The principal blinked once. And he looked at him as if he could not believe it.

"what...?"

"It's all of my life with two months left. It's a person with a power that doesn't fit the fountain."

"Two, two months ..."

The astound seahwa murmured. He could immediately know what he said. But nevertheless, the two months were harsh enough.

"Anyway, if you have a lives, shouldn't you write it meaningfully?"

Lee Hyun -hyun smiled at the pure principal's reaction.

"And there's nothing more meaningful than looking for the leaders and sisters."

After finishing the horse, Lee Hyun turned around. The embarrassed Haemhwa reached out and struck down, but only the empty air was caught between the fingers.

"Wait, wait a minute ...!"

Lee Hyun walked as if he could not hear the desperate cry of the sun. Finally, he opened the door of the office and stepped on his feet.

After stopping, he stared at something in front of him. It was an unexpected meeting.

A pair of golden eyes that shine brilliantly.

Like Ruby with blood, the red eyes were a pair.

I stopped by the office earlier, and because of the turmoil from the inside, I couldn't come in.

"Now ... what ...?"

Pale pale compassion opened the trembling lips. The eyes of Baek Seo -yeon were wandering around without focusing.

In the mood of the mountain beyond the mountain, Lee Hyun -hyun swallowed without knowing.

"...ah."

******************************* Chapter 250 *******************************

Sometimes the truth is more painful than a good lie. And now that was that.

I was ridiculously understanding a little bit of my feelings two years ago.

So it was something that should not be lying more.

How painful it is to be left without knowing English ... Because it was me who knew better than anyone else.

"... That's it."

I was facing two girls in the vacant lot along the back of the garden. I forced my mouth to open my mouth and began to do everything.

The lack of overload due to the acceptance of power and magic with the body of insensitivity.

... Even after that, it's less than two months old.

"iced coffee..."

I leaned my head in a trembling moan. The empty golden eyes caught my eyes. The standing Yeon -yi was in danger of wounding.

"Okay, it will be okay ..."

She barely opened her lips and stuttered.

"Let's go to the medical center.

"... you know it's useless."

But it's just a complaining complaint. In the beginning, when the general manager reached me, my body had already become a full -hearted window. With them with them, they barely had a constant care.

-You, your body is collapsing?

-Sua's power ... Now if you use it, you don't have ...

-The most terrible and miserable, death in which the existence itself is erased ...

Laughing ridicule, tearful appeals, and warnings. All that word was clearly pointing to only one way.

My end.

"Oh, ah ..."

And no longer endured kites are broken down. In her eyes, tears were rising.

I paradoxically, through that reaction, I felt my death. Of course, watching him was also very painful.

"I, because of me ... all ..."

The fallen kite grabbed the hair roughly. The proud shiny hair has been a long messed up.

"I, I'm leaving you ... I left you alone ... like this ... Ah, ah ..."

"... Yuna."

You don't have to feel a sense of debt again about her past.

It was already decided to send it. It wasn't that Someday the problem would have broke out. What I have now is too powerful and vast power to put it with a weak human body.

"Don't do that."

I approached and raised up a kite. The two eyes were full of sadness.

"It would have happened someday. Just that time ... just came a little faster."

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry ... everyone is wrong ... because of me ..."

"It's not your fault. This is all I decided. I know it's dangerous, but it's me who decided to use it."

"Huh ... Hyuna ..."

"Thanks to this power, I was able to meet my life and meet the general managers and sisters. I was able to enter the prestigious academy on the topic of the villagers, and I was able to protect the loved ones in the crisis. I am so satisfied with those days."

"Huh ..."

"So ... I don't regret it."

This must have been true. I smiled and told me, but it doesn't seem to be good. Yeon -yi was dripping a bold tears without knowing that the makeup has spread.

"and..."

I turned my head.

I stood all the time without saying anything. It was a long time.

I thought about the meaning of the static reaction. Rather, I was prepared for emotional agitation under compassion.

"... Minha senior."

"..."

There was still no words of compassion. There are hopes that they do not want to be as sad as possible. I was forced to convey the truth, but I never wanted them to suffer from the shadow of my death.

I opened my mouth carefully with that hope.

Looking at the consolidation of compassion, as if it was not as big as possible, lightly as if it was a ventilation of the atmosphere ...

"That's it. So ... I can't choose both. I'm sorry, but now forget me ..."

-Quaang !!

And before I had all the words I had prepared, my body rotated a few wheels in the air. Beyond the view of the dizziness, the sound of the metal rang noisy.

While I was on the floor and tasted the dirt dust, I felt only the pain of the cheeks. I raised my hand. And I was able to confirm the texture of the skin in a thin finger.

"Tell me again."

It was a voice under compassion that sank heavyly that came to hear when I got up. The eyes looking at me in front of the nose were so creepy.

"senior..."

-Prom!

And pierced along the chest One pain came up.

"Tell me again."

-Prom! puck! Kaan!

The dull sound of hitting the muscles, the sound of metallic that blows the cheek one more time. I feel like the seams of masks are loosening.

"What? Is that so? Sorry, but forget me now?"

-Quang! bang! Quang!

"Tell me again !! This window is a cub !!!"

Finally, he burst into anger like a volcano erupting.

"How, how dare you can say that to me ...! How are you ...!"

-bang! Quang!

"You said you were next to me. I always told you to be together! Yes, how ...!"

The punching of anger was increasing.

"I'll make it yours! I'll get drunk!"

-bang!

"What do you say?"

"Compassion ...! What are you doing to Hyunyi !! It's falling !!"

"I'll eat it like a dog !!!"

The vision goes back to the punch. In the meantime, the consciousness was clear. Yeon -yi restricts compassion in a tearful voice. I was using evil while I was in my body.

Obviously I said that nuance. There seems to be some distortion, but ... there is no big difference.

okay. Compassion cannot be calmly accepted my death. It was a bad sound from the beginning.

I didn't think about stopping her punch. Anger is the right to complete compassion. I can't stop him.

If you can solve a little bit of tears in it ...

"Huh ... yes ... how ...!"

The intensity of the fist was gradually weakened. On the contrary, the water of the voice deepens. The anger without a place to go was gradually changing himself to sorrow.

"How ... Yes ..."

I have no choice but to admit. I just said a lot of words.

The moment I tried to say to me. Even I could not say that unpleasant. Words that don't even like are so hard.

C1ZQZGFOEVDPQNFLMR3B6EW9NKZLXA1LPC0TJEFH2NHZYRG5XSSU85K01NYNY1ZMCLR3V0YUK5WUYRBQ

In fact, I hope they don't forget me. No matter what happens, how long.

That is my exact heart and a handful of desire. Even if you swear as selfish, you can't help it.

And the moment I realized him, I had no choice but to pass this apology.

"...sorry."

"Black ..."

"Ugh ... "

He was completely lost and destroyed with him. I barely got up to the body.

The two girls were shedding tears with a mess. Perhaps my shape is not much different from them. Perhaps if someone sees this sight, you will grab the navel and smile.

***

Their tear glands talked about it.

The dreams of the managers and sisters, the witches that sent the arms of the head, and the way to find the witches before the life of the life to confirm their lives.

And in conclusion, I had to delay the day in the cradle.

The two blocked me with one voice. Seeing the valuable sight of Pacheon and Red Painting, I was inevitably nodding.

Perhaps I needed time to prepare my heart. When I was like this, I wanted to have the hell that I shared with the principal earlier, but ... but now I don't think she will hold me again.

It's already a good thing about circumstances.

Of course, I didn't have to sleep comfortably. The hot hair sank, so I could contemplate the current situation a bit rational.

It is said to be the end of the fate, but at least before checking the lives of the general managers and sisters, no matter what happens. For him, he needed thorough preparation. Extra weapons and food, means of transportation, movement path, etc.

I spent the night and put them in my head. On the other hand, it was also possible that the kite or compassion would come as a crush.

And in contrast, that night didn't happen that night.

At dawn, the sky is brightly bright. Anyway, the only time I promised with them is only overnight. I packed my luggage and left the dormitory before the dong.

... I planned.

Before seeing two girls who are camping in front of the door.

"...you guys?"

"..."

The two were already finished with all preparations. It was immediately noticed that it was equipped with a heavy army just by looking at it. The input confidence that appears under the usual clothing, the particle array and various magazines, and the luggage that is not behind the at all.

"What are you doing now ..."

"We also decided to go together. With you."

******************************* Chapter 251 *******************************

"...what?"

When I felt popular, I only knew that I came to catch me. In fact, if you think about it, that's a natural response.

And I'm sorry for the two, but I was thinking of being forced to overpower it.

But this is ... I didn't even think about it?

"I pretend I couldn't hear anything. I decided to go together."

The compassion was stupid and answered. In the eyes of the two eyes looking at me, yesterday's tears remained faint. On the one hand, I could feel the firm will not to send it alone.

"...no."

Of course, I could never listen to it.

"I'm going to follow there. Never."

"Then kill you."

But compassion was also stubborn. She spit out the terrible words with a calm face.

"what?"

"If you're going to go alone, go to kill me and go."

"Minha senior. That's a ridiculous sound. Looking at it now ..."

"You say you, but you shouldn't think about being stunned in moderation."

And he was still speaking casually.

"If you don't see it when you open your eyes, I'm going to hang my neck right on the spot."

"..."

At the words she spit later, I was clogged. The unwavering eyes showed that the words just said that the words were a clear sincerity, not a false or threat.

"I can't spend you alone in that dangerous place.

And a lot of time in the future was interrupted. At first glance, it was a moderate attitude, but the stubbornness never was second to compassion.

"We have already hardened. No matter what happens, I will follow you."

Yeon smiled lonely. It was so bright, but I could see better than anyone that it was a forced laugh.

The calm sorrow of the form of a different form from yesterday's intense was coming from her.

"And I haven't given up yet."

"Yuna ..."

"I don't know. They know how to fix you. The owner of the original power was a witch.

"If you catch it, you will be able to clay anything."

And the compassion was grinded and added. I feel sorry for my mood. Today's sight is a continuation of surprise.

I didn't even think that the two were so good. At the beginning of the semester, no ... until yesterday.

But soon, I managed to shook my head.

"Never."

I don't understand their position Not. But there was an unacceptable line for me.

The terrible feelings have been revealed. But because of that, they can't be dangerous.

-If you don't see it when you open your eyes, I'm going to hang my neck right on the spot.

If you can't go away forcibly ... I have to persuade them somehow.

"... you don't know the witch at all."

"We know everything we know. I've already glanced at the relevant information released by the Supreme Council.

"You didn't even fight directly. I have worked three times with those beings. I'm never the opponents who can be treated with a common sense."

"Yes, it's a smart beast level. What are my gods? It's already successful enemies 15 years ago. We can do enough."

I didn't say a word of compassion. He was not enough, so he interrupted it and helped me.

"It's the only wizard who can write a legislation alone. You know? A rubin value meter in the highest body of all time.

"It's not only magic. Witches use power. I don't know how scary they are, so I can say so easily ..."

"I'm losing you forever ... I'm the most scary in the world."

"..."

And he said as if he was whispering. The subtle water is again in her voice.

I was stuck again. Then Yeon -yi approached and grabbed my hand.

"I ... I don't want to make the same mistake again."

"Yuna."

"I won't leave you alone this time. No matter what happens. Never ..."

The unpleasantness was conveyed only warm warmth. Subsequently, he squeaked and grabbed the opposite hand.

And he said in a small but determined voice.

"Don't think about it properly."

"senior..."

"Your sincerity ... I see you."

"..."

I was able to come to this passage and realize it. It was me that I couldn't count the heart of a person properly.

If I really loved and loved them, I couldn't force my feelings on them.

I had to respect their hearts.

Even if the end will result in an obvious death.

Time has passed in silence. Over and again, I reversed my consciousness to the sound of squeaking saliva.

"...okay."

And long worries At the end, I sighed deeply.

It was a collapse, or regret.

"Together ... let's go."

***

The three moved outside the cradle. I didn't need much more because I had already prepared.

The cradle was still quiet because it was still before work. It may be a guard, but there is nothing to be overwhelmed by force.

If you think about who my party is now, it's a way to get out quietly.

"But ... what happened?"

And I went ahead and asked the back. Compassion was still a stiff voice that was still unpacked.

"what."

"I was very surprised to come together. What happened in overnight?

"her?"

"Whatever ridiculous."

And the intense reaction broke out from both sides. Not to mention compassion, Yeon's face was full of physiological aversion.

Although it was always trying to maintain the desire in front of others, the words just seemed that they could not be recognized.

"... I decided to play for a while."

Yeon -yi, who noticed his mistake, said late.

"You can't be struck in front of you. The most important thing now is to solve your work.

"... I agree."

The compassion was reluctantly nodded and agreed to Yeon's words. Then, in the end, the gear added a word.

"Well, it would be my side after all."

"... compassion. It's just a violation of the promise. And I forgot, but I already have a daughter between me and Hyun ..."

"Profit ...! White Seoyeon. Do you have any real conscience?

As if it did it, a light quarrel begins. Somehow, I laugh at the mouth.

And the compassion, who captured my change finely, turned straight and hardened his face.

"... laugh?"

"...sorry."

"Who is this now because ... and when do you keep talking?

"I was dealing with two at once, so I don't know ... Would you like to do it again?"

Then Yeon -yi and Compassion met their eyes. Somehow, Yeon had a shrugged look.

"This is intimate. I and Hyun have been saying this since I and Hyun.

"This is ..."

The compassion that went to teeth turned his head. And reluctantly opened his mouth with a two -day allowance.

"... gave a spoiled junior It's also a senior. Mom, I call it ....

"No matter how much it is ..."

ES82CEF3M2JNBHLDCJVTUDBMEGTLZ3YRZ3YRZMMMXKNKCVL1M3L3FLZITGVPNCEK2KZV0SDJID2PZDG

"... Now Baekseoyeon calls it by name and I can't?"

"Where will the intimacy be in the morning.

"White Seoyeon. Shut up.

"her?"

And a light quarrel continued. Armistice, reconciliation. I think I heard something similar before. It's not easy.

But it sounds like crazy, but at this moment, I was feeling full of peace.

Yeon's words came back again. Honestly, it is skeptical whether the witches know how to fix me. If you know, you won't tell you.

But hope is sweet.

Well, isn't it okay for the last time?

"Guys, stop now. Soon, the main gate ... huh?"

And I was trying to dry the two. When I found someone standing in front of us, I sent a signal right away.

We could immediately notice the identity of the person waiting for us.

"Principal ... teacher?"

Wolhwa, with his arms folded, inflated the ball with one shoe heel. The dress, which was torn by a mess, was long restored.

She finally opened her mouth, staring at me.

"... it's late."

It's as if I knew I was coming this way. I was able to lower my posture without knowing it. Yeon -yi and compassion were also nervous and prepared for their combat.

I am curious about the principal's intention. I said so far, did the gear come to catch me?

Tension flows at the moment. Wolhwa narrowed the brow even more as if we did not like our actions.

But next moment.

She sighed, waving her hands, waving her hands.

"Oh, it's my selling ..."

"...?"

The Mac is missing from an unexpected reaction. The principal caught the last resentment-I looked at me.

She turned around and sent her gestures as if they were following.

"What are you doing? Don't come here."

******************************* Chapter 252 *******************************

Wolhwa was really indifferent. There was no handful of willingness to stop us in that attitude.

Of course, I can't believe that signal. If she's a talented person, it's a cold -to -eat workplace.

"What are you ..."

"It's done, so please follow me."

"... wasn't you trying to stop us?"

"Do you stop? Why am I?"

However, my doubt was broken down without the annoyance of the principal. She turned her head and shed her eyes.

"What should I do. It's a wish to go to die. I have to listen."

"..."

It is different as if the English person changed yesterday. We exchanged attention for a while. In the end, however, he walked along with the principal.

The principal led us somewhere, maintaining some distance. Finally, the place I stepped in was her office yesterday.

The office was restored as if it was. Like a gangal -colored dress that the principal is now wearing.

And a strange woman sitting on a fluffy sofa waved her hand as if she was welcoming me.

"It's been a long time, kid."

The big eyes and the hairy hair caught their eyes. Contrary to the slim appearance, he was wearing the latest deterioration in a well -established body.

I ripened somewhere and followed my memory.

"It's just a few weeks. You've already forgotten?"

I came to mind. It is a woman belonging to the National Guard who saw the messy Nakseong Il Festival. It was dispatched for cradle expenses.

After overwhelming the size of the frustrating size, he appeared late and demanded the guidance of the recruit. I left my seat right away because the comfort of compassion was more important.

"... he was proud of his mouth as the first place in the Guards."

"Um. I remembered this time."

The woman who listened to me nodded satisfactorily. Then I got up and reached out to me.

"Introduce again. 4th place in the Guards. It is called black grave."

"... this is Lee."

At first glance, I accepted a handshake. The distinctive sensation that came up on the arm was wrapped around the whole body. As a result, it's been a long time.

Someday, I will not feel this sensation at all. Now, there is a higher chance of dying before that.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013OE5WR1DUOEZXQWLYMZBWTFV3D1NXUNDGMJK0R1JDQZVPDU5EBWN1EQ

"I know well about you."

And somehow she looks like I had a smoky smile that didn't ring. It's like someone comes to mind.

It was so urgent that I used to be roughly over, but it was very familiar.

Somehow, it looks like someone I know.

"Hmm, indeed ..."

And a woman who looked around me and Yeon -yi opened his mouth with a low voice.

"... I'm sure the younger brother of the blackrang. Rather, it's more than a face. Even if you put two women on the face, you are the next power of the cheon and red.

Probably Blackrang is the leader. It would be identification in his guards. The manager has never told you, but it's not strange.

If you are a family of black lotuses, it would be natural to perform military service at the Guard after graduation.

"How about? When you graduate from generation to generation?"

"...yes?"

"What are you so surprised? If you're the second son of the Black Lotus, you should come to your own.

"I..."

"If you are so good, you can insert it directly with my own authority. If you are appointed as my deputy? I won't have much work. Sometimes I do some drinking friends, go out when I patrol and do some laundry ..."

The woman burdensively narrowed the distance. There is a distinctive aroma, but even somewhere.

But this is a male bell. I don't know, but it's obvious that the head has a grudge. It is obvious that the old man will solve the grudge to me.

"Kwon Yu -seol, the inspector, the joke without fun."

And I was trying to speak in moderation. One step ahead of the back, you can hear the voice. It was a kite.

"Hyun is still in first grade. What is a violation of contact regulations for freshmen? Is it illegal for a person who says that the name is an inspector?"

"Illegal ... this is just a joke. It's still stuck.

It was chilly enough to breathe, but the woman shrugged and shed lightly. But there is some strange annoyance in the ringing of the name.

And as if I noticed my discomfort, the woman was lightly frowned at me.

"My brother knows? Listening is two very intimate."

System like this. Kwon Yuri's sister. Somehow, the impression was not good from the beginning. As a result, even the location of the tears under the eyes is the same. Doing something is similar.

Recognizing him, the seat was a thorn cushion. I turn my head to the principal I asked.

Why this person is here, and why the principal brought us here.

"... I told you earlier, but I don't want to dry you."

The principal, who was looking at our skit with a fat expression, opened his mouth.

"Yes, it would be in vain. I won't listen to it."

"..."

"The terrible experience in which the office is a mess is enough. But this is like this ... I have to use you."

"I use me ... use it?"

"okay."

The principal nodded.

"The conclusion, don't say. It's impossible to break through the witches of witches.

The principal waved my hand and stopped my mouth. Along with him, a pile of documents in front of her desk fluttered in the sky of the sky.

The rising paper flew one by one with our hands. We immediately started reading it.

And when I checked the contents, I frowned.

"...nest?"

"Witch Spica says it's a sanctuary containing the genetic integers of their races. It is an organism structure in which Legulus, a common known 'alpha', sacrificed his body."

-you. Your body is collapsing?

The voice of someone who met on the roof of the cradle resonates again.

"... Spica says, as long as the nest with integers remains, the dead witches can constantly reinforce the body there."

It was the most terrible sound of words for a few days. If that is true, the general managers and sisters were only fooled by them.

"... maybe the witches you have seen have restored their bodies by now."

"..."

"The destruction of the nest is an indispensable prerequisite that leads the war to victory. The invasion of the demons is based on the will of the witches who dominated them. It is also a way to prevent the destruction of the Republic.

"But there was no knowledge of the nest. Witch Spica had never been to harmony in the first place, so I might have been there."

And the black grave, which twisted the hair, received the words of the principal.

"It's a somewhere in the ruins of the old civilization that has not yet been restored, but now we have no capacity to fall behind that vast area.

"... that's what appeared there."

"It's correct."

The black grave with his eyes was clapping and clapping me. "We are planning to carry out the beheading operation that raids and destroys the witch's nest. The nest is a structure like the ark. If it is destroyed ..."

"... I can annihilate all the witches spread on the ground."

Now I seemed to know what they were talking about. The black grave continued to explain.

"Of course, it is impossible to turn all the troops on the front of the front. We have already lost a lot of room to overpower the coup of a hundred days. Now, just blocking the demons of the demons."

"... because you can mobilize the cradle."

At the end of compassion, the black grave nodded.

"Yeah. If a hole is drilled in one place, the hole will be drilled ... then it will cause irreversible damage."

It wasn't intended, but her words were stimulating my memory. The fragrance of the fragrant and frightening death passed the tip of the nose at the moment.

"I'm going to take out those who volunteered for the elite, you, and the students who have received the highest grades of each grade.

"While using the troops in front of you as a shield, the nest is raided as soon as possible to subdue the witches.

"It's correct."

The principal nodded. She looked at me and passed the ball of choice.

"So ... what are you doing now?"

At this moment, all the eyes in the office were towards me. It was not difficult to realize that my decision would determine my future.

And I decided to get off.

***

"Did you say that there is a person to meet?"

"okay."

I followed the principal. I said that I have something to do for the applicants and troops.

"People, yeah. People. First."

"...?"

"Well, I know.

The principal's head is so stupid that he doesn't know English. Seeing a bewildered look, she turned the topic in moderation.

"... Thank you for accepting this body's request."

"... it was not to be appreciated."

In the end, I accepted the principal's proposal. Personal resentment quickly became a duties of carrying the republic's luck, but there was no refusal.

It was so cold and reasonable enough to make my stroke embarrassing.

Anyway, it's not comfortable to be with the principal yesterday. any Lee doesn't have a wound, but ...

I looked at the principal and carefully opened my mouth.

"I ... but are you okay?"

"I think it's okay. Now I have a bad smell. I'm so crushed and worried late."

And the sun was waiting for me. I feel strange because I am scolded to die to a man who looks like a peer.

"It's the first time to deal with me.

"..."

And I was in trouble for a while. To recall what the principal's words are joking.

******************************* Chapter 253 *******************************

"It was."

Haewolhwa, who saw me lingering, pouted his mouth as if it were interesting.

"It's far, far.

"..."

But contrary to the principal, I soon found out that she was different from usual.

Wolhwa was holding onto his opposite forearm with one arm. Severe convulsions have happened there.

It was clear that there was something problem at a glance.

"Wolhwa, this is ..."

"I tell you in advance, but it's not because of you.

The principal also noticed my eyes and had a bitter smile.

"There's a more fundamental problem than that."

"If it's a fundamental problem ..."

"Well, I've been using too much power recently. I played a battle in the south, but I had to deal with things without being rested even when I came up to the capital ..."

She grabbed her hand lightly and repeatedly bloomed.

"Besides, the elasticity of this body is not the same as before. It must be barely possible to operate a magical operation only when it is near the core full of particles ...."

"... is it recovering?"

"I don't have to worry about that. Even though it's slow, I'm steadily coming back. But ... I don't think this body will be on the expedition."

"..."

"If you step into the horse with this body, you will only bury.

The principal muttered in a sad voice turned his head. The eyes of seeing me were full of sorry.

"Well, I'm sorry. At best, I put my operation in the operation and the parties were missing back.

"I don't even say."

And immediately I shook my head. Somehow, my face looked lonely, I felt the need to encourage my energy.

"You haven't made a lot of contributions already. No one dare to blame the principal."

"but..."

"If there is someone who says that, I'll break the jawbone. Moreover, I can't say that I'm playing as if I stay in the cradle. Someone should have someone who keeps it.

"..."

"I don't really blame. The principal is a silver who saved me with Yeon -yi.

"Fuch ..."

Seeing the principal's lonely expression It was in the midst of the lines. Sleeping, she suddenly shakes her shoulders as if she could not stand anymore.

"It's done.

Haewolhwa, who laughed for a long time, was satisfied with it. There was a lot of tears at the eyes of the eyes.

"How do you do great things only if you have a lot of mind? Anyway ..."

But even though I saw the laughter of the laughter, my heart was sitting heavier. This is because I felt the weight of this day late. I hesitated and opened my mouth.

"...sorry."

"Um? What do you mean suddenly?"

"I think it's because of my stubbornness.

-Kuung!

But with the pain that feels over my head, my words are stopped. The big ice chunks, obvious that the principal would have created, crashed exactly with my head, and the shattered shattered and scattered fragments around.

"... Isn't it prohibited to use magic for private purposes on campus?"

"This is an exception. It's not a private purpose, it's used for discipline."

Still painful pain, I touched the back of the head. The principal was still staring at me after stopping his steps.

"Indeed, it's a Cheeky.

The eyes of the eyes were more bitter today.

"What do you think this body is? You're the head of the Republic and the head of the educational institution in the cradle.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013mlbCru9aclbst1o3vzncy2taefabghln3rooezyzytlvqu2rizlqrizlqlv

"Wolhwa ...?"

"I know it clearly. They are not because of you. They are definitely heroes who volunteered with their own will. They did not go out to protect you, but to protect their beliefs. You are an obvious insult for them."

"..."

"We just chose the best way in the situation. If it was a better way for the country to sacrifice you alone, this body would not be hesitant and did it. So ... don't say that again."

It was a good word. I just felt ashamed of the principal's excessive consideration.

There was no room for excuses. In addition to the principal It was also an insult to others.

"... beyond the topic."

I bowed and apologized to her. And after a while. The soft texture of the width of the sound was digging over my hair.

"I know."

As if it was when Haewolhwa did it, it was clearly soft.

"Well, and it's not completely wrong."

Then a thin finger without a flesh moved from side to side and glanced at my hair.

"Three is better than alone, and the hundred will be better than the three. You will be able to fill each other's gaps more firmly. It will be good for them, of course it will be good for you."

"..."

"If you don't despair, there's a way wherever you are. And reckless challenges are the privilege of young people."

"Wolhwa ..."

"Never lose hope. And be sure to come back.

I raised my head and met my eyes. Her fleeting sorrow was spreading like paint.

"This is the last thing that the body is handed over. Please ... I want you to carve it."

And the hopeless hope wraps me again. Even though it is an obvious illusion and it won't happen.

It is a person's heart that I want to leave it to it.

"I promise. Be sure to come back to life."

I looked at the principal and nodded. She also laughed as if she was satisfied.

"It's good to be confident.

As you walk a little more, a secluded vacant lot begins to appear over the trail. The principal who saw him muttered in a strong voice.

"Oh, is it already ..."

After stopping, she pointed to the vacant lot with her gestures.

"There will be a person who waits there. Go and loosen the foam. I should go to the last organization."

"Who are you ..."

"If you look at it. Oh, and keep in mind. This body's health is a serious fact that is equivalent to the secrets. Never go wherever you go. You only told you.

"Keep in mind ..."

The principal walked to the side before he even heard the answer and disappeared like a shadow. I left my head alone and moved my head.

In the midst of this, I don't get a person who needs to see. Of course, the general managers and sisters are not, but there are acquaintances outside the cradle. It's not.

So I went on a vacant lot along the trail. Under a large tree, someone's In -young was screaming.

I was waiting for me there.

Meanly brown hair, two eyes of color that resembles him. The calm wind was dressed neatly.

A familiar girl who was standing with her hands gathered a little awkward greeting to me.

"Oh, it's been a while ..."

And I was dazzling and sang her name.

"... yes?"

***

We sat side by side on the bench. I would rather sit face to face, but I didn't have a good place.

I sat so silently. Occasionally, I felt only a small movement of my fingers.

I sat side by side, or I saw it for a long time. For that reason, this awkward air won't hover.

My head is confused. This is because he did not organize his thoughts about her. Because other things came in a row, Jena was put off in subordinates.

Saving Jena that day was not a consciousness, but an action that was close to the unconscious reflection. But anyway, her identity is a witch.

I'm curious.

My first friend in the cradle.

But ... are we still friends?

"That ... there ..."

And it was Jena who couldn't endure silence and opened her mouth first.

"The body is a little ... how about ...? You were hurt a lot ..."

"... it's not bad. The wounds are all healed earlier ..."

"That, yes ...! I'm glad ... really ..."

It was awkward to meet the eyes, so I could only hear the voice that felt relieved. It wasn't refreshing somewhere, but I felt like I had to give back a greeting.

"...you?"

"I, I'm okay too ...!"

And unlike me, it's as if I waited.

"The wounds are all better ... it's okay to stay ... Everyone is looking at this convenience ..."

"..."

"You allowed me to stop by the cradle to see you. It's just a while, but ... but ..."

"Hey, you are."

"Uh, uh ...?"

And I couldn't stand it anymore and I cut off Jena's words. The uncomfortable and bitter taste continued in my mouth.

I forgot her to come. But Jena came to this place to see me.

What the hell?

"..."

There was a need to establish our relationship properly. Otherwise, this stickiness will fall forever I didn't seem to be. And it could never be resolved just by exchanging empty greetings.

It was probably such a condensation that I quit her.

"That day ... why did you help me?"

"..."

And I was spitting out the words inside.

"If you didn't stop, I would have died right away. You just have to leave me alone? You're a witch. But why the hell ..."

"What are you talking about ..."

But soon there is a voice full of sadness. I lifted my head as if it were unfolded. And I stared at Jena, who couldn't meet the attention all the time.

Her brown eyes were full of tears.

"How do you leave your precious friend ..."

******************************* Chapter 254 *******************************

"Uh, uh ..."

"Huh ... black ..."

Soon the thick tears fall to the floor. The red -blooded pupils were sorrowful. I was embarrassed and wandered around.

One was certain. I just had a brief words that my alertness was destroyed.

Did you have a narrow person?

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013MDARK4SEJDY0V1NVYRMFHPA3zksfvjuvpibpibsfpibpiBHK1UZJHERLLTHLZVQ

It is a world where a cat that transforms into a person clings to her daughter.

Even if it's a monster that's a tentacles behind that simple tears, there's no reason to be a friend.

The girl in front of you was still Jena I know. My friend who came to the cradle for the first time.

"That ... sorry."

When he realizes him, he is sorry and shameful. I apologized nicely to Jena, who had a nose.

"I said. Thanks to you, I didn't have any mind ... I'm really sorry."

"Uh, no ..."

Then Jena shook her head.

I was still shedding tears, but my mouth had an awkward smile. There are some people who are wrong and have an apology. Oh ... I don't know.

"If you think about it ... I'm so greedy ..."

Jena added with a lonely face. She did not see me properly all the time as if something was in mind.

"I was the best friend and I lied you. In addition, even other innocent people were hurt.

"That's not your fault."

Jena's mouth trembles. Also, when the tears burst out, Jena looked at me with his eyes.

"Hyuna ...?"

"I know everything. Leggulus is a maneuvering of your body. I can't say that."

"Ha, but ..."

Unlike words, Jena's eyes were revealed inner joy that could not be hidden. And I could see that the comfort was what she wanted all the time.

While he has terrible guilt and sorrow, he wants to be comforted by someone.

How do you look at the most human being ...

"... but I told you ... I lied ... I didn't say anything about identity ..."

"I don't have to say everything. I don't have to say everything. I have their own circumstances. I'm wearing a cotton. But you never asked about this either. "

"That, of course, I thought there was something ..."

"I mean that."

"uh...?"

Jena stopped moving. She is never stupid. You just guess you just guess.

"..."

There was a calm silence around. The subtle brown pupils have been larger and repeated.

"Black, huh ..."

Soon the grief began to come to it.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry ... really ... huh ..."

"So ... uh ..."

And the surrounding surroundings became the sea of ​​tears. This is not the reward of soothing.

Jena has been so long. This time, I had no choice but to listen to sleep.

"Well ... I'm really sorry ... I lied ..."

"It's. Stop crying now."

"huh..."

After taking out the handkerchief in the school uniform regulations, Jena wiped the tears. This is surprisingly to be used. I thought I would graduate for three years.

"I'm ... there ..."

And Jena still opened her lips moist.

"Then we ... are you still friends?"

"of course."

"ah...!"

And I answered right away. Along with him, a bright smile bloomed like a flower. This alone seems to be lacking somewhere, so I added a little bit of a joke.

"I don't discriminate people because I have something."

"What happened ...?"

"Yeah. What is important is important. My heart is important. Even if it's a terrible ugly tentacle monster ...."

"Ha, don't ...!"

"But if you have more than ten feet, it seems a bit overwhelming.

"You, you ...!"

And Jena, who realized my words late, shook his head with embarrassment. I avoided my little hand to stop my mouth. Suddenly her face had a red flush to her ears.

"Me, bad ... Really ..."

After a while. Jena Jena at the tail of her eyes said, choosing a short breath.

"Hyun ... I was disappointed ... I thought it was a good child ...!"

"It was a joke. You are so drooping ..."

"Who, who jokes like a girl ...!"

Jena was still lightly as if he was still angry. It seemed to have been hateful to shed my eyes to the eyes.

"Fool. I hear how much I say that I'm cute. .. "

"I know, too.

And when I felt a strange atmosphere, I closed my mouth. Suddenly, Jena bowed her head and couldn't make her eyes.

"therefore..."

"How ..."

I just took a little luck, but Jena trembled as if she was trembling. Like a mouse thrown in front of a cat.

The awkward air falls down between us. It seems to be more like that because I have spewed deep feelings.

Desperately, I tried to think about how to overcome this situation, but hard hair did not go back. This was the same for Jena. Jena, who had been squeaking for a long time, clapped lightly as if she had forgotten something.

"Ah, ah ... That's right ...!"

"What are you doing...?"

Jena, who behind the main island, took out something and handed it to me. Soon, a small pack of weight is placed on the palm of the hand. The end was slightly open, so I could check the contents.

"cookie?"

"Me, I made it ... Did you say before? I worked faithfully in cooperation and you watched a lot of convenience ..."

Jena said without seeing his eyes.

"I borrowed the kitchen for a while in the morning ... I made it because I might be hungry.

There were many types of cookies in the package. It is so cute that it is a waste to turn over to the mouth. Then Jena seems to have good dexterity on this side. It was Jena who handed candy first in the international case.

... If you know, you have multiple hands, so it's too much ... No, don't do it.

"...?"

"... no. That ... I'll eat well."

I shook my head and brushed my bad thoughts.

And I hesitated for a while and brought my hand to the cookie. I wasn't hungry, but I didn't want to reject the sincerity I made at best.

I took out one and took it to my mouth and bite halfway. Soon the crunchy sound, with a broken sound, the sweet fragrance wrapped in the mouth.

"Uh, how about ...?"

And Jena, who was looking at me with a nervous expression, asked, swallowed his saliva.

"delicious."

"Ji, really ??"

"Yes. I really made it well."

"After, Hua ..."

After hearing a frank impression, Jena stretched her body and sighed as relieved. I put the other half in my mouth and picked up a few more.

"I'm not sure, but ... I feel something deep and mysterious. It should be said to be sweet enough ... "

"That, so sweet ...?"

"Yeah. It's the most delicious snack that I've eaten recently. I think this will be really addicted.

"I think it's going to be addicted ..."

"Oh, it was a compliment. It's so delicious. I really like my skill.

"Huh ... every day, I want to eat every day ..."

"...? what's the matter?"

"Oh, nothing ...!"

But unlike words, Jena's face has been red for a long time. Jena leaned her head without seeing me, and she was shaking her.

... I think the reaction was too much for the only one to hear a few words. Was it so good? I don't feel like that ...

"... Did you put anything weird in the cookie?"

"Mu, radish, radish, what are you talking about ...! It's strange ...!"

I asked for it. Then Jena shook his head more fiercely and fiercely denied my words.

"I didn't put it like that ... Really ..."

"really?"

"Jung, really ...!"

"... do you honestly say?"

However, Jena's response was exactly exactly the case of the criminal who caught the crime.

I was accused of doubts. I don't say anything. I won't poison me in the midst of this.

Just so intense reactions ... just a bit of a question.

"I'm not saying what. Just because I was curious about the ingredients. It's so delicious."

"Woo ..."

When he was gently digging, Jena began to hesitate. She was worried for a while and she was eye -catching.

"Jung, you really won't say anything ...?"

"It's not like that."

"eww..."

After listening to me, Jena had a long time. I'm really curious about this. What the hell did you put in so delicious, and did you respond like that?

"in fact..."

"...in fact?"

And Jena, who was worried, finally raised her head. In her eyes, she had a determined will. And I was willing to go over without worrying about any odd ingredients, as long as I tasted such a delicious cookie.

I thought so.

"... I put my blood."

"Cool luck, cool luck !!"

******************************* Chapter 255 *******************************

"Cool luck ...! What did you put in ...?"

"... my blood ..."

Sarre vomited a big cough. I wanted to ask, but the answer was the same. My ears didn't go wrong.

"Ugh ... I didn't want to say ..."

Jena muttered small with red and ripe face.

"Why did the story suddenly flowed here ... How ..."

I feel like I was wrong.

"..."

I chose to breathe for a while, I thought about Jena's intentions. It was a shock that the faith he had at the moment was shaken.

After all, attempts to assassinate ... no matter how much I think.

"Cool luck ... you have it."

I couldn't answer alone.

"Why did you put it in the cookie ... can you ask?"

"Hey ... my blooming tastes."

"... in blood? Why the hell ..."

"Huh ... maybe the body composition is different somewhere ...? Anyway, it's obvious that it's very sweet ...

"..."

And the answer that I heard was enough to make me more dumped.

"That's not usually put in a cookie?"

"When I made it, the sugar was all over ... but the time was tight ... So I can't help it ..."

Jena smiled and blurred her horse. The speech was blocked and I lowered my eyes down.

And what you see is ... a cookie pocket that's already revealing the floor.

"..."

Jena is just a little different from me. And if we are friends, we must be able to understand that much.

Anyway, the cookie was sweet and delicious. That must be true. Then it would be.

then...

It was a matter of organizing my thoughts for a while. A large notification sound rang out of the amplifier installed all over the cradle site. Preliminary sounds that announce 15 minutes before convocation.

When I heard the sound, I felt that it was time to clean up my seat. I turned to Jena and greeted him.

"I think I should go now."

"Already? It's a pity ..."

Jena's face was unfortunate. I also felt a bit like that. Even though I had only been for a while, I was talking with Jena and felt a little comfortable.

There was a little bit of a 'minor' disturbance at the end, but ... literally, it's just a trivial thing.

Suddenly, I questioned in my head. Why did the principal send me here? In her words, I think it was called 'work'.

Perhaps you gave you the last rest with your own consideration. I One thing is that I sat on the bench and chewed sweet cookies.

Still, I'm glad to solve the past with Jena before leaving.

"Oh, you are ..."

At the same time, I was aware of the identity of Jena, and something that I had forgotten for a while came to mind with the tail. I asked in the heart.

"... Are you talking about your life?"

And the girl with brown hair opened her mouth before my words ended. Like I was penetrating my heart.

"... Did you know?"

"huh."

Jena nodded with her head. The bitter taste is overwhelming. I could see that she was deliberately avoiding this topic.

"I have no choice but to know. That's it ... I was watching it all over ..."

In fact, it is not very surprising. Witches can sensitize the flow of particles more sensitively than ours. Legulus, who took up her body, had just looked through my condition just by looking at it.

And even in the midst of being controlled, the consciousness was alive all the time, so Jena could have recognized my condition.

"Then maybe ..."

I was carefully asked.

"Sorry."

But Jena shook his head in a lonely voice. At the same time, even the remaining expectations are the moment that disappears like a fog. In the eyes full of sorrow, one could not be read unexpectedly.

What ... can't I do it ...

"Yes? I see."

It is certain that all this is not the responsibility of Jena. She didn't have to blame her.

"If you ask. Don't worry too much."

"Hyun is ... aren't you scared?"

In the case of Jena's voice, there was a weak water. I thought about it for a while and I answered that it was not as big as possible.

"If you say nothing like that, it's a lie, but what should I do."

"..."

"Thanks to this power, I was able to save loved ones. That's what."

"I see..."

Jena, who bowed her head, grabbed her chest. It was a shame to see the painful sign of the pain.

"Then I'll go."

"Sleep, wait ...!"

"why?"

"That, I want to ask ..."

And Jena stopped urgently, saying goodbye and trying to turn around. Jena was looking at my fingers, looking at me. Like still something to say.

"excuse me..."

Jena, who was hesitant, finally opened his mouth. Then I spit out a question that felt so trivial compared to the tremendous preparation. all.

"Cookie ... it was delicious?"

"I wanted to ask ...?"

I was thinking about answering for a while. In fact, there was nothing to worry about.

Obviously it tasted. No matter what the ingredients were, it was clear.

"It was really delicious."

It was just to be honest. I soon nodded and answered.

"The best cookie or sweets I've eaten so far."

"Uh ..."

And Jena, who was ashamed again, opened her mouth again.

"Then can you get a delicious return ...?"

"return courtesy?"

"Yes. Exactly wish ..."

"Wish ... Okay. What is it?"

"After returning from the expedition ... Would you like to picnic with me?"

"picnic?"

"huh."

A girl with brown hair nodded.

"I also take a snack and lie on a quiet lawn and look at the clouds ..."

"..."

"It was a wish to go once. But I don't have a friend to go together ..."

"... I've seen my body? Now it's less than two months left.

"That, though ...!"

And Jena shouted loudly and buried my voice.

"But ... I believe ... Hyun will come back ..."

"..."

It is a voice that feels strange hope. Half of it sounds like a conviction.

Jena was waiting for my answer with his eyes open.

Perhaps she is deliberately encouraging hope. To comfort me and deceive your sorrow?

If so, there is no reason to accept it. The hope of the sound without ground is so sweet and addictive.

Like the cookie I ate earlier.

"I'll promise."

It was not difficult to finish. I nodded as I saw Jena.

"If you come back ... I'm sure to go picnic."

"...huh!"

Jena nodded lively as he was relieved. Now it was time to go. I threw the last question to her before leaving.

"But is it really okay?"

"what?"

"This expedition. You know too. Where are we going ..."

Anyway, I am on my way to kill Jena's blood or sister. Already we are in the same sky and cannot live. In the end, only one of them will remain. Whether we die, witches die.

No matter how much I chose to live as a person ... Jena also has to be painful.

"... it's okay. It's inevitable."

And Jena is I smiled faintly and shook my head without strength.

She slowly opened her mouth, looking around the academy, which appears to be a distant footage.

"I don't want to lose this scenery."

There was one more commonality between us. I nodded at the end of Jena.

"...so do i."

***

The back of the boy, who seemed to be a dot, disappears from his sight. The girl of brown hair stood in the place where he left for a long time.

"What I can do ... I did everything."

Every word murmuring the girl had a powerful sorrow.

I just talked with her until the ghost of the ghost.

The girl has been worried at night. But the conclusion was always one.

Now work has left the girl's hand. It was a painful heart, but it was forced to give any sense. In time, he will have to make a decision with his perfect will.

"... I can't help it."

The girl had a lonely smile. If he could save him, he was willing to take the resentment of everyone in the world.

The girl, who looked at the past days with her eyes closed, muttered small.

"Be sure to come back."

***

Immediately after breaking up with Jena.

I turned towards the Hwayang Hall and took a step.

There will be a simple ceremony for those who volunteered. I was in a hurry because it seemed a little late, but it's light. It's because I finished my work with Jena, who was staying in the heart of the heart all the time.

I was just going out of the garden and entering the correction.

"hey!!"

I heard a voice that clearly called me and turned around.

Then, the blonde girl who waves her hands and runs to this side is immediately noticed. I ran around for a while, so I was very breathing.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013L3HTU08zbvzkr2rmu0wyb3dhr25Imne3QY9XYXZZ3NYYYZ3MFBIMKZSNA

... It was another homework given to me.

******************************* Chapter 256 *******************************

"You've found it for a while! What are you doing here?"

The approaching tribute shot over the distracted bangs. Instead of smelling sweat, the sweet body that tickled the tip of the nose vibrated everywhere.

"What are you doing. I was going to Hwayang Hall. It's a little while."

"Was it like that? I ..."

"What is it?"

"No, no matter how much I could see at the time of the briefing session, I wanted to be scared."

"What? Who is scared ..."

In response to the protruding response, the tribute responded with a slim tongue. It feels like it's getting worse than the first impression.

Perhaps because of the fall of the emergency on campus, no other people were found in the garden. We walked side by side to Hwayang Hall.

"I think you have volunteered for the operation?"

"That means ... Of course."

After listening to the question, I looked at me as if I asked what it would be natural.

"I was the first to volunteer during the first grade. I didn't have to hear all the explanations. This good opportunity came ..."

"You don't have to volunteer for a dangerous operation.

"Instead, you can have such an overwhelming major. In order to get to the head of the military in the future, there is a lack of a major in the regular front.

"The head of the military?"

"Yeah. My dream is to be a war minister in the future."

Jin -seo nodded. Perhaps because of the desire to build a ball, she was enthusiastic with her fist.

"So I think it's a dream to be the head of the military."

"What? He's never for me.

"Um ... is the most likely that the best side is more likely?"

"Hey? Hey. What are you talking about?"

The truth, who laughed as if it were small, stopped walking. I was raising my eyes because of a smaller head than me, but it was not a threat.

I was teased, so I returned a word.

Let's give me a little bit more.

"Professor Kwon Chan -yeol did it during the special lecture. It is a significant factor that affects the promotion of high -ranking grades.

"Hey !! I told you not to talk!"

"And probability There was also a calculation problem. I think this is you told. Did you say that if you reverse your graduation score rankings, your chances of your grades will continue in the first semester? There is one more digit ranking and converging to almost 96%... "

"Really, that's why !!!"

The unbearable factor shouted with a red face. I kept teasing me with the taste of seeing this. Now I understand that feelings.

"It's like that because I keep losing to you! I know how hard you are trying to recover the score before the ranking? Yes now ...!"

"When you really don't deal with it, you'll be greeted ... and have you forgotten already?

"That, that ..."

"I don't know. Even if I didn't touch it, I might have abstained at least once ..."

"Lee profit ...!"

I can't refute whether I have something to be stabbed. Looking at the tears on my eyes, I think I should stop. Somehow, no one secretly hid it, so I feel like I can open my eyes ...

"Okay. I have a joke too. Now stop and go to Hwayang Hall ..."

"...

"what?"

"You are responsible."

I sighed and tried to rush again. Still, there is still no intention of moving.

"What is the responsibility?"

"It has been my dream since I was young. Our Baekgwang was a master of the military who produced several ministers from generation to generation."

"...however?"

"But because of you, the dream is hard now. You're a dog in the ranks of you, like a dog! It's a game that will fall into the ground. What should I do?"

"What is that ... Hey! Why is that my responsibility ...!"

"Oh, I don't know! I'm responsible for responsibility ...!"

"..."

The speech was blocked by blocking the ears and using the swarms. Looking at the anxiety, how can you get a smile?

If I thought I was really responsible, it wouldn't have come out like that. If you are initially responsible for winning or losing, the cradle will be in a lawsuit all year round.

Rather, he is closer to the joke that comes out without hesitation. Now it's time to accept it and finish the conversation.

"Okay. You can take responsibility."

"What?! Really?"

I nodded as I watched a joke. Then, as if it did, It's a truth.

It was so fast that it was so fast.

"You just said with your mouth? I will be responsible?"

"I knew it. Stop ..."

"promise."

"what?"

"Promise. Quickly!"

Jin -seo urged his thumbs and possessions. I need to match the right beats. If you do not, you may lie on the floor now.

"I'll be responsible. Whatever it happens. Is this enough?"

"... yeah! Hehe ..."

I opened my fingers and put it with her. Jin Ye -seo nods his head with a smile. Is it so good to have been promised for a future livelihood? Even if it's a joke, I can't know it.

"But how do you take responsibility?

"What? What is your job ... I'll take care of it. You don't have to worry about it now. You just have to keep your appointment. Okay?"

"Yeah ..."

"Oh, it's! Stop it now. Stop it. Let's go further.

"wait for a sec."

"Why? Now it's really short."

But I stopped the truth. Then, the truth, who urged me, stopped moving and looked bewildered as if I didn't know English.

I struggled all the time, but eventually I decided.

She too thought that he was one of the people who had the right to know about my death. It's been a few times over the diagonal line. Jin -seo is a friend and a comrade at the same time. Like the leader and sisters.

But I already bear the sorrow of too many. It is true that if something is raised here, it feels crowded.

After getting close, the tribute is the owner of a pleasant personality. If you just look at the joke you just shared with each other.

It feels a little different from Jena who has two serious and heavy seniors or Jena who have an infinitely tender heart.

So if it's this atmosphere ... I might confess my situation a bit lightly.

"Hey, you are ..."

I thought so soon started explaining. As calmly as possible, only the situation is mechanically.

Childhood who lived as an insensitive response, one day's power and magic, witches who knew the identity of power, the leaders and sisters who were defeated by them, and the life of the time limit that were increasingly eating me.

It was already the third repetition, so it was not too difficult to summarize the situation.

"...so?"

Long and short description if it is long and short. Jin -seo still opened his mouth in a dry voice.

I speak I looked at the complexion of the truth. But I was looking at the expressionless face all the time, so it is not good to measure it.

But it is clear that it is more calm than the previous people. Maybe this time ...

"So ... I can't graduate."

"..."

"I'm a bit unfortunate. I'm running the top one at best.

"..."

"So if I die, I will rise one step by step. I won't be bad for you. I said I needed a high ranking score? I think it's the last gift I give ..."

-Quaang!

And a fierce binge sound rang out. I was in a long time with painful pain.

Only after a few trees, he was on the ground. I felt that things were wrong somewhere.

The last word was ...

Soon after, indiscriminate kicking and punching began to fly. I was still in a reflection of them without thinking.

Why are the women around me so violent? I'm not talking about others either. Perhaps similar people are attracted.

After all, I felt a light weight sitting on something on my kick and fist. As I opened my eyes, I saw the face of a blonde girl looking at me with a cold face.

"...hey."

The distance was very close enough to fill my view.

"If you ask, I'm asking ..."

And Jin -seo said in a more sinking voice than just.

"I just said, I didn't talk about jokes ...?"

"..."

"If you did ... I think you will be a little disappointed. So ..."

"... Really."

After hearing my answer, the book stopped moving. After a while, she opened her mouth in a more subscribed voice than just.

"... I have less than two months left to live now?"

"huh."

"..."

Heavier silence falls down. I felt that I was wrong.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013M2PHOHM5THNIQJZUTWE1KTUTWE1KTUHMBKDST1L0BW1WM25NRWNIYK5VV1J4WA

I twisted my body with strength, but Jin -seo was almost perfect for my movement.

And I turned my head slightly and talked to her again.

"I'm sorry for hiding in the meantime. But ..."

"... now."

"... what's ... what's ... .town!"

It was something that happened. Something wet and lukewarm touched my lips. Only after the moment was found that it was the lip of the truth. She closed all of her upper body and twisted me with a snake like a snake.

"Eup ... Uh ...!"

"츕 ... cold ..."

The opposing sounds that resonated from the throat of the truth and the tribute, respectively, laid the floor. Soon, a smooth tongue flips through the gums and invades my mouth. Instinctively, I found my tongue and began to wrap each other like a mating slug.

Like our intertwined shape.

"Cold ... Hae -eup ... Chewwop ..."

So Jin -seo was holding me for a long time. She drove her to the extreme limit.

The tongue that caught each other did not release me until it was just before and choking. Soon after the air, a terrible cough rose.

"Cool luck, cool luck ...! Cool luck ...!"

The truth, sitting on me, was staring at me like that. I heard and listened to her as soon as the cough stopped.

"Cool luck ... hey ...!"

"..."

"Obviously when I asked last time ... I didn't like it ...!"

"Oh, that?"

And Jin -seo, who listened to my plea, answered without any eyebrows.

"It's natural to be a lie."

******************************* Chapter 257 *******************************

"You are really stupid."

Jin -seo sat down and restrained me.

"How can you know how you don't know?"

"When did you take the tee ..."

I tried to spit out the door and closed my mouth. okay. In retrospect, honestly ... I didn't have any suspicious circumstances once or twice. The situation is like this, and all of them touch the skin. I just went over Eoyoung Buyoung with vague faith.

You're lately driven by the stupid price.

"Sorry. I can't accept your heart."

But I shook Hansako. In the midst of this, the feelings of the truth, which confessed the heart that were hidden, do not make sense. But that's not possible to listen to her desire.

My life was definitely running towards the end. Moreover, it is not the first time. There are no one who is already waiting for my choice. You can't increase the number of people here.

At least I want to die honor. The remaining people are told as a peaker.

"You just told me. I'm going to die after the expedition. Maybe it can be before. If you can't find a way ... Eup."

My desperate persuasion was also blocked by the moist lips. Somehow, the teeth were bite and only the invasion of the tongue could be prevented.

I looked at me as if I didn't like it.

"Who dies?"

"I don't want to die either.

"You don't die."

"How to say that ..."

"You said you didn't die."

There was no conversation. In the voices of Jin Yeo, there was a little bit of inner nursery rhyme.

"You never die. No matter what happens."

"..."

"Witches may know the solution? It's good. Let's go together."

"If it's going to be so simple ..."

"Okay. Shut up and get up."

The restraint that was redemption grabbed my wrist. Only about a minute left until the ceremony.

We ran to Hwayang Hall. The earliest truth, which was running earlier, still did not let go of my wrist. At first glance, she seems to be forcibly dragging me.

The truth was not words. I was able to see only the golden hair flying in the wind. Sometimes her shoulders were shaken. The sky is clear, but the raindrops fell somewhere and soaked their faces.

"... only one promise."

And the Jin -seo at the beginning of the building said without seeing me. all.

"After this operation, I put it in your option. I want it ... that's the only thing."

Suddenly her voice was a little rest. Do you believe that I will really survive?

Perhaps you can't believe it.

There was no bird to give an answer, whether refusal or consent. Suddenly, there were a lot of popularity in Daeyeon. The tribute walked in the middle of the board threw me on the floor as if it was thrown out.

"There! What are you coming now?"

"Sorry.

In response to the professor's discovery of us, the truth seemed to be insignificant. Light laughter rises lightly around. She gave me a lot of attention and settled in the ranks.

I also raised my body and looked around. Where we are in the first grade. The second grade in the opposite side was hard to see. Perhaps you are confused, but you will be here now.

"promotion...!"

And I heard a familiar voice calling me. A dwarf male who wore glasses on a strange impression was looking at me and was waving.

"You're going to the horse, too! I thought it would!"

"Mooyoung? Did you volunteer?"

"Yeah. I barely qualified as a chin. So ... Hehe."

"But ... it would be dangerous ..."

"It's a man who knows it and volunteers. Who dare to cut the courage."

The voice that I walked during the conversation was heard from behind. Choi Woo -jin, who was approaching, stood with the light. Originally, it is a huge size and a dedicated room.

"Anyway, I saw it again, the Unicorn Elemental. I thought it was a strange guy.

"Yu, who is the Unicorn Elemental ..."

"Hahm, I can't even give that nickname. Are you still meeting with your senior during the shadow banquet?

"That, stop it !!"

Mooyoung jumped with a red face. Still, the mood doesn't look bad.

Next to Choi Woo -jin, a boy who looked like a craftsman was with him. Seung Heon, who was trying to greet me, found something and worried about it.

"Huh? Hyuna. You blood in your mouth ..."

"blood?"

When I took my fingers, the red liquid came out slightly. It was obvious that it was a true book. When did you bite it again.

"What happened?"

"... nothing. Just bite something."

"Did you go to the beast? It's a star ..." I denied it. In fact, it wasn't wrong. It's right to bite.

"What is the beast? Didn't you see it with Jin -seo?

And Choi Woo -jin, who turned back with Mooyoung, was teasing her mouth.

"But how did you do it?

"It's noisy. It's not your Alba."

I responded to my heart. Strictly speaking, I only accepted her anger. If I had not been able to get so fast in the first place, I wouldn't have been quietly overwhelmed.

It was necessary to quickly turn the topic before the bad smile of Choi Woo -jin's mouth spread. I turned my head and asked Seungheon.

"But you are here ..."

"I can't stay still as a member of my master in this crisis. I heard my sister's news ..."

Seung Heon laughed lonely. The contents of the dream that the principal informed through the principal were secretly delivered to his family.

"I didn't know that Hyun was in the same unit as my sister ..."

"... I'm sorry. Please ask me to secret ..."

"I don't say anything. If you are your sister's personality, of course, it would have done it. He's left to me after handing over to the successor that he didn't want to bother the family."

Seung Heon, who heard the apology, shook his head. He hesitated for a while and carefully opened his mouth.

"My sister ... were you doing well there?"

"...huh."

I nodded shortly after I was worried. Seung Heon breathed deeply as if he was relieved.

"Is it ... I'm glad. Really ..."

He said he had not seen Sehwa sister for more than 15 years and exchanged only hello with a letter.

Although it is a decision to be intertwined with the family's work, it is not comfortable to be separated from sleeping.

The same is true for me too.

"Be sure to get it."

"huh."

Hearing me, he nodded as if he was determined. Soon after, the voices of the officers of the officers rang on the stage through the amplifier.

"Attention! I will announce the organization of the temporary unit from now on!

The sound of the woong is loudly knocking on the ear. The tension of the first appearance, the fear of death, the desire for the ball and success. The air had a more aggressive smell than ever.

I turned my head once and looked around. It was so awkward and uncomfortable, and this place is comfortable and familiar It was a landscape.

I spent time slowly and captured everything here.

Don't forget even if you die.

***

Occasionally, the car was very quiet, except for the rattling machine sound. I opened the partitions of the transport box and looked outside. Nearly hundreds of vehicles were in front and back, and the tails were on the tail.

"Is it quite a minister?"

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVAGDJBVVV1DE84Y2TEEWJEEWJEEWJEEWJEEWJEEWJEUUFQMMMMMMPZL0PJM2T2EFCXAFUEQ

I turned my head to the voice coming from next door. A neat woman in a room was smiling at me.

"... yes."

I turned to the outside again.

"I haven't seen such troops on the northeast front.

"Well. That's a little bit."

The black grave shook his head.

"This procession is now attracting the maximum of the troops we can use. Academy cadets, prisoners, and conscription soldiers. At first glance, it may look like a lot, but the limit is clear.

Then he said to me.

"Do you know that we've fought with the demons? We are two or three times that we are horns, one hand, and one hand, and one hand shoots black magic with one hand. They are monsters.

"Then this troop is ..."

"It's not an offensive, it's a troop for defense. Until our victory is reached, I won't stop and stuck.

Contrary to the content, the black grave, which was slowly speaking, turned to another part of the transport.

The car we burned was very relaxed compared to the size. There were only five people, including me, in a car that could be overcounter for more than twenty people.

Yonha and Yeon -yi were not looking at each other while sitting on the distance.

Although I had a hard time with my work, it was too much to get close.

Because of that, the air was very cold. So no one thought of boarding a command vehicle. You can be together and you can hit the fire.

And Jin -seo was sitting in a middle position, so he was receiving all the stingy gaze of both sides. It's hard to pretend to pretend to be, but it's not easy because of the great seniors.

Why did you insist on riding together? Thanks to this, compassion is also known between me and Jin Yeo. I think it was a lot. If you look at the sideways, you can see it.

I was sorry to roll my eyes while I was in between, but I couldn't solve it.

When I talk, I would rather immediately bite the arrow.

"Hmm ..."

Only one of the five people seemed to be black.

******************************* Chapter 258 *******************************

The black grave looked at the scenery in the car with a smile. I see that beautiful smile only increases the ominous feeling.

Soon she turned her head and opened her mouth with a subtle tone.

"You're. Can you just ask one?"

"What is it."

And as if the spicy smile of the mouth waited.

"Do you have any of the three girlfriends?"

"...!"

This crazy woman is a gear bomb.

I spit out my lament. The inside of the car, which had already cooled down, was heating up as if it was. It was very good to know that something was happening without seeing it.

"I think the question about privacy is a monthly right. No matter how much you say."

ZGVPDDC2CMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVAWI3WJFUYNRPQWZSBMLQLQLQLQLQLQOFVOEFO5MVD0AK4EEDQEEDLEWTRBYNHYSG

"Strictly speaking, it is a question that is an extension of the work. You are now a natural knowledge as a commander to grasp the interpersonal relationship of subordinates that can affect missions."

"Such force ...!"

"Uh, if you are dissatisfied, you are in the management guidelines. So who?"

My attempt to assault late ended before the beginning.

"Junior ... Hyun is currently in a relationship with me."

The first person who opened the door was compassion. She sat down slightly on her chest, sitting a bit. It's so natural. In a stately voice without doubt.

And the backlash broke out immediately.

Yeon-yi opened his mouth by staring at the compassion sitting opposite.

When I was young, it was just that when I looked at the girls who talked to me.

"Compassion. What are you doing now?"

"what?"

I blinked with my eyes as if I didn't know English. It was a movement that intended to tease the other person on purpose.

"I can't help it. The inspector asks you like that. Shouldn't you apply the exception to the agreement in this situation? It's not wrong ..."

"Who's not from a mean red flower ... Anyway, I can't find it as much as I can't find it. I believe it."

"Ha, the despicable? Who are you seeing now ..."

On the day, the horse was filling the inside of the car. The black grave nodded with a smile on the face as if he was satisfied.

"Huh ... everyone has a good energy, huh?

She turned her head and turned to her eyes. She is the bean beetler while she is coming and going I was rolling my eyes and rolling my eyes.

The black grave, who saw him, found a prey.

"There was a name ... Why are you doing that?

"Oh, no ...! I'm comfortable here ..."

"A, don't. I'm not a friend of the Black Lotus? Don't stay still.

The black grave with my finger on my mouth shook my head as if I didn't really know.

"Is it not very close ...?

"No, what are you talking about! You're close !! It's a lot !!"

The truth, which was overwhelmed by the guidance of the black grave, shook his head and shouted.

"I've already reconciled all in the old days! Nowadays, I practice Dalian every day, sit next to it, talk and wipe off with a towel."

And Jin -seo, who talked about it, closed his mouth late as if he realized something. This is because two pairs of cold eyes were watching her as if they were killing her.

"... Hi."

Eventually, the Jin -seo, who could not endure the pressure, shrugged again without talking. Have you ever seemed pitiful today ...

"Hey ..."

Over the crumpled truth, Goseong started to come and go. The black grave with a satisfactory smile was sitting in front of me.

"This, it's amazing."

"What do you mean?"

"No, I wanted to hear something in that mask.

Then he muttered with a strange look with his chin.

"If you do this, I'm really curious. Shall we take it off when you sleep?"

"You're right at that point. Are you not taking the leader of the Guard. What are you doing with your students?"

"Oh, I don't know what."

She raised her finger as if she had blocked my mouth.

"The angle was so caught so I solved it on purpose."

"I mean that now ..."

"I'm hasty. Would you like to listen to it?"

The black grave was shameless. She hurriedly spoke before she expressed more dissatisfaction.

"You know that magic is closely related to your psychiatric? In particular, the more talented wizards, the more exponentially increasing the burden on the brain."

"I know. Introduction to magic is the sentence written on the first page ..."

"Listen, even if you have seen the dissected brain of the wizard? Even if you apply for a student. It will be a significant experience. "

"..."

"If you look at the brain of the wizard, you can see that the space assigned to other tasks is malformed. We use most of the available capacity to calculate the magic."

She knocked on her little hair.

"Another work here is all things we do unconsciously or unconsciously. From minor acts such as breathing, walking, eating food, to high -level acts such as rational thinking and expressions of emotions.

"What do you have to say now?"

"The more the first -class wizard, the more the more emotional ups and downs can be a big mental shock. It's natural.

"..."

"So it's important for the wizard. The reason for the meditation in the required course of the cradle. You have heard a lot here and there?"

I don't want to admit it, but I had to nod a little. Even until the day I left for the cradle, the generals and sisters were nailed by their ears.

"Well, it's contradictory that there are a lot more of the mature wizards who have extremely improved."

She turned her head and stared on the other side of the car that was still bloody.

"Those children. Because of the stagnation of the flow, a significant load on the brain was applied. It would have been several times more stressed than it was. The cause is ... huh."

The black graves that looked back at me looked at all. Then he shrugged his shoulders lightly.

"Well, it's a bit heavy to fight."

"..."

Probably not because of a simple stimulus. Wouldn't it be a bigger stake in my death?

Anyway, it's clear that the cause is because of me. The taste is bitter.

"So what is the conclusion? Is it a way to relieve overload to fight on purpose?"

"Accurate."

As if I waited, the woman made a tong with both hands and aimed at me as if shooting a gun.

"Even if you have been on the battlefield, the impact shock would have accumulated in the brain. I don't know, but the end would never be good. Before that, I needed to relieve the load in advance."

"Light irritation ..."

I chewed the words of black graves.

"That's how it is like a woman who hasn't kissed him. No matter how much It was an appropriate judgment? "

"Hey! I didn't go beyond the line!"

"..."

In conflict, the frost is spreading in the feet of Yeon -yi, and the truth is a triumphant smile that does not know the meaning alone.

The transport khan was already a landscape.

"... Is that light annoying?"

"Huhhu. Every person is different."

The black grave responded with a smile as if it was no big deal.

"Once that resolve that much, it will be a great help for those children.

"..."

It's a fundamental cause. That's hard.

"But did you say that the flow was stagnant? How did you know that?

"Right. Our 'Hocheon' is maximized by vision.

Black tombs tapped their eyes and said.

"It's not too much to use the Black Route. Especially in this situation, it's quite useful to collect the opponent's information with a sneaky meal.

"I don't think it's useful ..."

"There are all pros and cons. By the way ..."

Suddenly, black graves sent a strange gaze towards me.

"When I see, your condition is the most serious here."

"I ... are you talking?"

"Yes. I was really surprised when I first saw it. I wonder how people carry such a heavy emotion."

"..."

"What a young child is like that of the world? You're obviously. It's obvious. It's a dismal personality that doesn't speak much, an easy -to -use and exciting temperament ...

The words that stabbed my lungs lined up. I can't think of what to refute.

"As a wizard, it is the worst temper. I know that particles are clearly negative to negative feelings? Do you die early?"

"..."

******************************* Chapter 259 *******************************

"If you die, you die, what."

I responded insignificantly. There are a lot of things that have not been solved in front of you right now. At least there was no place to worry about the future that would not come.

". Even though I just said, I look at it again. Anyway ..."

The black graves who saw me kicked their tongue.

"There's no old man.

I felt bad for nothing. If you resemble it, you look like a manager. There is no such thing as a bad story. Such a bad personality and a man who just hits others is a specification.

And suddenly, some thoughts passed by.

"Can I ask you one?"

"What is it?"

"If you are a younger brother ... so Kwon Yuri knows how to deal with her unique magic?

"Yuri? Hmm ..."

A suspicious smile comes to mind again on the face of the black grave.

"I don't know the achievement of unique magic is confidential? No matter how much I can tell the outsiders. If you are going to come to our son -in -law in my house, I don't know ..."

"Is it like that. I will not listen."

"Uh, why are you so hasty!"

"It's confident? Excuse me. I'm still in such a ritual ..."

"Okay, it's. Sit again."

I just tried to solve the passing curiosity. The black grave caught me that it was stopped without hearing. In the beginning, I said it was confidential.

"Boy. Surprisingly, it's hard. It's quite a while, huh?

I said so naturally, so I put my hands on the mask without knowing. Fortunately, I could feel the cool and hard texture of the cold and hard.

The black grave, who looked at me for a while with a dissatisfied look, whispered.

"... If you hit the achievement of the other side, the glass is more than me. In fact, it's embarrassing to compare.

"You just said it's secret ... Can you tell me everything?"

"Oh, it's."

The black graves led me to the insignificant.

"You're not going to spread anyway. No?"

"That's right ..."

"Yes. Don't worry. If you go wrong, you can take responsibility, what."

I added something like she had forgotten something.

"For reference, I know that no one knows the real magic of our family except the members of the family. Everyone knows that it is a magic that helps to strengthen the body. If you really leak this, you will assassinate? "

"I don't want to hear it all of a sudden. Can I do it here?"

"Be. It's too late. Anyway ..."

The black grave with a light tongue like a tease was a horse.

"Yuri was rather a problem because it was too good. I was just scratching the irregularities on the surface, but he was really able to see the inside of a person.

It wasn't long since I met, but the insights of black graves in that short time were wonderful.

If you describe that art as a scratch of the irregularities of the surface ...

"I don't know if you say this, but I can't see that it's good to be able to look into the feelings of others.

"... there's a time when you have to face unwanted feelings."

enN1WnIzcFhHMVJuR0JvdkNPc013OVBiMHVKcmJtNGpSUjJUaTd5K3l6MStWWjA5OHNkNVJQRTNZM25aRHoxQw

"... it's correct."

The black grave, which opened his eyes for a while, nodded. With a slightly lonely smile that just looks different.

"There are countless people in the world who are smiling and in the inside. Users like us have to be most careful of such classes.

"..."

"It's not a story about the northern demons or the back alleys. Evil is always the most common place. Of course, it's no exception."

I only attended a period of less than half a year, but I could understand her immediately. Competition in the name of raising a first -class wizard.

And the emotions that are tangled under it. Plot, inferiority, anger, time ...

It will never be easy to endure all those emotions raw.

"I only use it for a fight, but the glass is ..."

"... so I used a mask."

"uh?"

If the black grave was correct, her brother was wearing another kind of mask than me.

"I had no choice but to decorate a frivolous attitude. If I was seriously treated with everything, I wouldn't have been able to hold myself."

"Hoo ..."

I opened my eyes and stared at me. And I thought alone, muttering.

"It was quite good to be good. This is definitely better than black. He is a pure wall window ... "

"What did you say?"

"... Hmm, nothing."

I turned back my face as if it was when the coughed grave was like that.

"So, why did you suddenly take out my brother's story? Oh, if you want to leave your legs ..."

"Can you do that. I just came up with a sudden ..."

"Yes? Hmm ..."

The black grave, who was frowned upon with his eyebrows, smiled and looked back at me.

"I don't meet Yuri yet. Maybe it's better to keep avoiding."

"Why is that?"

"The child is so wide unlike me. If you look at your rotten inside, you'll be bothered to die? No, it's just 100% chance!"

Unfortunately, the advice of black graves was useless for me.

"... I'll refer to it."

"Huh ..."

And the black grave frowned and pushed his face close. She thought for a while and spit out a playful voice.

"Sympathy, sadness, empathy, and a little sorry ... What is this?"

"What are you doing now?"

Then I didn't respond to my words and talked to me.

"I thought it was a blunt bleeding ... This is just a faucet ... tears come out ..."

"I don't want to read others' hearts."

"Oh, it's a joke, jokes! I have no ability to grasp there. I just said."

The black graveyard buried deep into the seat. I only lost money because I was stabbed. I think I was caught in the inside.

According to that woman, is this a way to solve overload with so -called 'light irritation' ...

I don't know. In fact, a bad woman who likes to tease people has made an appropriate excuse.

", I'm so worried about it. How do you go through this tough wizard society with that personality."

"worry...?"

I don't think about what happened afterwards, but her expression was annoying somewhere.

"What do you mean?"

"You mean, you don't have any awareness of how important you are now?"

The black grave was rarely embarrassed. It was so yummy that I spit out somewhere.

"I don't know.

"Boy. Do you think magic is a blessing for humanity?"

"... first."

Of course, if I limited the subject to me, I would have crossed my head, but I thought it wouldn't be that she asked.

"Maybe most of them will think so. Thanks to the discovery of magic We were able to protect ourselves from the demons and the beasts. But magic is also a shackle that traps humanity on the one hand. This is because of the particles of the guy to eat. "

She unfolded her palms and wrote a magic. The particles that touched the light were shiny like star powder on it.

"Most of all, it's too painful to lose the sky. It's now a legendary aircraft that loads hundreds of people with hundreds of people. It's impossible to shoot satellites over the sea of ​​the stars. I'm moving toward destruction. "

"..."

"By the way ... that's what you appeared here!"

I turned to me with my eyes, as if it was when the black grave was lonely.

"The ability to control the particles of the atmosphere that has not been internalized. I have never heard of it because I was born ...!"

"for a moment..."

"Your strength was originally able to control the particles of much wider radius? If you could restore the power in its original way? If the power is later inherited in genetics? If you can someday cover the ground with those power, you can silence the particles and regain the old sky? This is a miracle. The only light ... "

"Wait a minute ...!"

I fell in a transformer and barely calmed down the tomb.

"I know what you are talking about. It's a family once. So what's related to the 'worries' you mentioned at the beginning?"

"What is the relationship? Of course a woman's problem."

"...female?"

The Mac was missing, but the black grave was rather natural.

"Think about it. Now I'm making your abilities confidential, but I have no choice but to get into it. Do you think that the family will still leave you alone?"

"..."

"A woman will scratch all of you and colonel it. If you want, even if you want to be willing to give people to the line. If you can get the overwhelming seeds of power, whatever ...."

"... it's still just one assumption. It's not clear whether power is passed on to genes. Too too much ..."

"That leap alone is enough to gamble enough."

"..."

"It's certain that monopoly is absolutely impossible. I can't deal with everyone alone because the black lotus is a strong family. It's just. "

"... what?"

"Everyone is sharing together."

She lifted a finger. Then he squeezed it and laughed.

"In short ... I might be a public good."

******************************* Chapter 260 *******************************

A few days of vehicle movement was also over.

Today is the last night the dispatch stand is spent on the border. Starting tomorrow, we had to go away from the main foot to go beyond the horse view.

The final destination we should go was beyond that.

"I saw the cat earlier."

"What cats in this wasteland? You must have seen the wrong other animals."

While returning to the barracks, I heard the sound of talking about it. They are classmates who are not familiar.

"I heard a meowing sound? Obviously outside the barracks ..."

"Be careful. Didn't you hear the seniors? It was a means that the demons often used to make the victims.

"Hey! I know that too! I really heard it ..."

As I moved, the sound gradually moved away. Already we have had several sporadic battles with the infiltrated demons.

It was not a great deal of damage because it was before the search. On the contrary, it was a low -intensity combat training that would help them adapt to those who were not used to entering the full -fledged battlefield.

"Huh ..."

In the barracks that were assigned for personal use, the orange lantern was desolate. Somehow, the nose was strangely tickling, I wanted to float any hair.

So I think the cat did it before. Even wild animals are around in the military.

"You'll be doing well ..."

And I naturally came up with Sua. I have asked the principal to pay special attention to the child. Naturally, it refers to Sua in a cat, not originally identified.

Well, Sua doesn't have to reveal her identity with my feet. It seemed to be penetrating the principal's strength, so I wouldn't do it. For example, trying to run away.

I have a little bit of mind. No matter how much I couldn't even bring it to this place.

I had time to sit on this desk for a while and clean up my thoughts. The words of the last black grave came to mind, so they laughed.

-I'm ... I might be public good.

It's ridiculous to think again. In the beginning, I don't have a will, but who can force it?

Moreover, I am now overwhelmed by choosing one person.

"It's not something, it's a public material ... Anyway, it's ridiculous ... Cool Luck, Cool Luck!"

At the moment I coughed hard. It didn't stop easily, so I closed my mouth with my hands and barely killed the sound.

And I looked down at the palms in the sticky fish.

The thick and dark red liquid was flowing through the gap between the fingers. uh I think it looks like a crunchy. Lung sculpture ... what is that?

"...."

I lightly cheered my tongue and wiped it in moderation. The cheap light bulbs are fast and repeated. Like laughing at my future and trying to imitate funny.

While continuing the march, my body was quickly falling from the inside. I could feel that the end was coming. Three days ago, he sometimes vomited blood like this.

Well, now it's moderately dumped. You don't have to show this to others. I knew that life was a time limit.

I arranged the surroundings and pulled the stationery over the desk. The letters that I could not send to my sisters were already piled up for more than a tens of thousands, but I still haven't stopped writing a compulsive letter.

Be sure to recover them. Also to soothe this nervous and exciting heart.

"What are you going to use today?

And I was just bringing a pen to the first line of the stationery. Suddenly, a ferocious wind was swollen at the entrance of the barracks for ventilation.

As the wind was scattered in the barracks, the stationery stacked on the desk is scattered into the bottom of the sky.

I frowned and leaned my back to collect scattered stationery.

And without any signs, the back of the spine sprang up.

I turned straight to the blade that I laid next to it. A well -trained sensation was constantly sending a dangerous signal.

And a woman stood at the entrance of the barracks. There was no trace that came from the floor.

Both hands are a bit old wearing with gloves. It was a great beauty to spit out the light, but it was rather unpleasant because of the arrogance that came out powerfully.

The woman standing with elegant hands opened her mouth with a light smile.

"hi?"

I bite it and stared at a woman. The hostility of the whole body was telling her about her identity.

"... Legulus."

"Oh. This is the first time.

The woman smiled. Standing in front of me is a source of evil. It takes away Jena's body, commits all kinds of evils in the cradle, provokes me as a bait, leads witches, and makes our destruction.

In a word, it is not cool even if you tear it alive.

"Rejoice. Is we so close?"

"shut up."

I shot it straightly. Already the day of the blade was toward the center of the woman.

"Um, don't do it." And the woman shook her head in a elegant attitude as if she was guessing everything.

"Today, I just came to greet me."

I urgently looked around. Except that the shadows were not shown under the feet of the woman, the surrounding surroundings were just calm. Fortunately, the destruction or confusion was not felt.

"I have to save strength.

ZGVPdDc2cnQxMFU0bVlrbnZITXlVczJObkdGNWRUeHJETUpjZUowTHBuV2J2L0xVVVBETThISnJYTlppVXdhMw

A woman who looked around once with a curious eyes said again.

"By the way, there are a lot of guests who didn't invite them."

"I didn't promise to take some guests in the first place. Wouldn't it be a good thing to catch up with that?"

"Huhhu, so."

The woman casually shook her head.

"It will be such a grand banquet.

I feel confident that I feel ominous. It may be because of the origin. If you ask, the answer will not come back.

"Anyway, I'm in a hurry. I don't have much time."

And the woman stared at me with a deeper smile.

"The precious leaders and sisters are waiting for your help."

"Like this dog ..."

I bite the distance. The witch was clearly stimulating me.

There will be many reasons. Stimulating emotions to prevent discernment of sari, trying to take advantage of the battle, or urge me.

"I have a good meeting today. I cried in pain and begged my feet. I would rather kill me. I can't tell you that sound."

Even more terrible is that even though I knew that intention, I had no choice but to wield my feelings.

The brain is sick and the anger is overwhelming. I bite my tongue hard. I was able to barely wake up with the taste of pain and fishy blood. It's better.

"I have a limit to my patience. If I don't hurry, I might kill them before that ..."

"Don't be bullied. You never kill them."

I quit and replied. I was unpleasant for the first time on a elegant face.

A silent woman for a while was forced to laugh again.

"Huhhu, absolute. How can I guarantee that ..."

"They are the only elements for you to attract me. Stupid bitch. Do you have to explain it?"

The cracks add to the size. In the form I didn't want to pretend to be elegant, but it was quite pleasant. Somehow I wanted to take off the mask.

Like when I fed one room in the cradle.

"Hey, listen well. If there's an abnormalities in the disclosure and sisters? Then I will escape from the power and run away.

"you...!"

The nature comes out. I felt a little bit of a mood.

"And the body will be burned with a fire and ash. Then I will ask you to fly in the wind. Then Polaris' power will disappear without a trace? You will not be able to get it forever."

"..."

The woman was staring at me with a hard look. The creepy eye is overwhelming. The loving smile has already been all over.

The witch opened with the sound of the teeth.

"This lower life does not know the subject ..."

"At the end of the horse, lower life, lower life ..."

I quit again. And he added to the smile and added a ridicule.

"You are the earthworms who can't win the lower life without power. Isn't that why you want to recover power to me?

hmm. I said, but there is no conscience. If you think about it, it's a person who doesn't have that power.

"That's why I'm going to urge me with the general manager and my sisters. I can die before I recover the power. Or no."

Well, how is it cheap? The important thing is that my provocation is going well for that year.

This means that there is a similar side with us.

"If you have understanded me, take care of it. I'll go to find it soon."

I gave me a tight strength to the blade. I didn't want to mix that with that. It can be exposed to good information, and most of all, it is useless.

"Okay? This bitch."

"Dare ..."

I wielded the blade without listening. The witch's head was exactly half. Even the scattered sensation was blurred as if cutting the fog.

And I woke up from my dream.

"Hey ...!"

I jumped around and looked around. The cheap light bulbs seemed to be turned off intermittently. The barracks were quiet without any wind.

I approached the door and looked around. Except that the feathers of the birds that were unknown on the floor were not felt, no popular scales were felt.

I stepped on it with the annoying annoyance . Crunchy-The feathers with the sound lost their shape.

"ha..."

I did a dry tax. The heart was not so calm. The heart was thumped as if it were anxious. The feelings that had been endured by talking to the bitch came out at once.

The good and bad things were one by one.

The good thing is that I'm holding the direction properly. Spica ... According to Jena, Legulus has no body. He nested at the expense of himself, and it was only near it.

If you see you can interfere with me through your own dreams, you can see that you have already entered the right or indirect.

The bad thing is that our movement and position may have already been exposed. Well, that's the premise that that's not bluffing.

Anyway, the bitch's attempt to distract my peace was quite good. I had to endure my desire to run out of the barracks.

You don't have to dry before psychological psychological. You just need to be calm and without mistakes. According to the first plan.

That's the most likely way to save the leaders and sisters. We are already moving according to it.

It was a car that was vowed to stop by. Suddenly, the heterogeneous turmoil from the outside caught my attention.

I reflected the blade and looked outside. Even though I wanted to be a night, the spirit was stupid somewhere in a flimsy sense.

And in the dark, there was an unexpected landscape.

There are three shadows. Two girls with white and black hair, respectively, were staring at each other. The blonde girl in between was lingering and looking at the two.

What is this again?

******************************* Chapter 261 *******************************

I hid my signs and strengthened my hearing in moderation. First of all, I needed to look at the situation.

Soon the three voices that were far from the distant teeth were clearly heard as next next to them.

"White Seoyeon.

He said, blocking the entrance to my barracks. The subtle labor spread on her face was clearly seen in the dark.

"He. It's one of the four followers in the first grade.

In front of the compassion, two girls stood away. It was like a triangle in a strange form. Never touch each other.

"... I didn't know."

And the voice of Sun Yeon was followed.

"No way, it's a shameful and shameful cancer that I don't know."

She glanced over someone in front of her. The gaze, Jin -seo opened his mouth as if he would not lose even though he looked at the two.

"I, I think Hyun -yi is bored ... I just tried to talk about it for a while ..."

"Huh, talk? It's funny."

As if it was not funny, the compassion was immediately timid.

"You don't have a good lips on your lips. You're in your clothes, but don't look back?

The truth was wearing one thin clothes with one upper and lower. hmm. I don't think that's that.

"Now, I think it's all the actors who were fighting. Dirty bitch.

"Sun, senior too ...!"

And I heard that the truth was crying.

"It's not like a quiet dress ... I don't know why the button is green."

But soon she turned around without even talking.

It was obvious that the compassion was shooting as if he was killing her.

"Well, it's not wrong."

Again, Yeon -yi opened his mouth in a ridiculous tone.

"I'm compassion. Isn't you saying that you are going to say?"

Her gaze stayed near the chest of compassion. The slightly shy Yeonyi smiled with a pick-sound.

"It's stable for Hyun now. I don't have time to see such a dirty flesh. Ha, gray? It's amazing. I have to be lunged.

"I like it?"

"what?"

"This, he chose himself. Because it's a favorite color. "

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013EFP6CU01VKNXCKXYSLPFFBEX2V2WXCHDWYW8VBBWRMCKNVUTN6S1ZGOUDUZG

Yeon's body was hardened. On the other hand, he was smiling at a quantitative winner for some reason. I dare to reveal one more button.

"That, so ..."

"If you are curious, you can ask you later?"

"..."

In Yeon's face, the significant color was powerful. She chewed her lips. However, there was a slight leap in the words of compassion. In the beginning, I just chose to choose my favorite color. If I knew it was the color of the underwear, I would have worked more.

"... because you did this together."

As if he would not miss the momentum of compassion, he continued to whisper.

"...what?"

"Oh, didn't you say? We were living together in our dormitory."

And I closed my eyes. Compassion. We decided to take it as a secret. Is there no back now?

I feel like hiding in a rat hole. Living in the ears of others is a reasons for expulsion. Of course, it's funny to worry about it in the midst of this ...

"It's almost from the beginning of the semester ... It's been a few weeks already."

Exciting signs were powerful in the face of compassion.

"When did you come to my dormitory and threaten to be your own dormitory. What did you want to do? I wanted to have all of such a party. But I finally accepted it.

no. Obviously, she went into her dormitory, but at that time it was never the same purpose.

"Lie ..."

"Hey. If I was curious, I told you to ask yourself later."

Yeon -yi stumbled slightly as if he would not believe it.

"I slept in the same bed every day. He liked to bury his face in the chest. When he sleeps in the morning, he kisses him in his forehead ... When he returns to the dormitory, he hugs him from the back, and goes to bed like that ...."

False and truths were subtly mixed, but it was enough to provoke Yeoni. Soon in the eyes of Yeonyi, who seemed to be fascinated, was soon rising.

"Lee, like this ... I can't just do the prostitute ...!"

"Huh, what is the prostitute. Isn't it natural for each other?"

Compassion was laughed as if it were not ridiculous.

"Baekseoyeon. Please don't pretend to be innocent. If you see it, you too ... Wait. "

But he stopped moving as if he noticed something compassion. And a new face began to distort with anger that burned.

"This crazy bitch ... did you not wear anything inside?"

"..."

I also lost something to say. Is the sharp insights unique to the spirit of the spirits lightly through a fiber.

"... it's just a little hot."

Yeon -yi just looked like a momentum. Jin Ye -seo stared at her with a vain expression as if he was betrayed.

"ha ha ha..."

The compassion, who burst into a vain smile as if it was absurd, soon screamed.

"A bitch like this ... no matter how much you have ...!"

Yeon -yi seemed to be shameless.

"There's nothing strange. Hyun is already well known to my body. It was everyday to wipe my body with a towel while shining.

It was getting more and more distant. Of course, when Yeon -yi suffered from illness, he often wiped his body ... but did not reach the end of the ignores.

In the beginning, if you went nearby, your hands were trembling and you couldn't move properly. Yeon was everyday to laugh at that day.

And there was a strong argument. I thought that the war with the demon -wide history would not be so bloody.

Was it this landscape where my eyes didn't reach? I'm worried about it. If I die or choose one ... I really want to get a war.

And the truth, who looked at the two, tried to sneak out.

"That, then I'm first ..."

"Where."

The reaction was immediate. At the moment, the two voices overlap.

The truth crumpled the eyebrows to see if he felt bad about the bothersome insect handling.

"I deserve me with Hyun!"

Then he shouted as if he was rebelling. Soon she began to lay down as if she recalled the past with me.

"I went to the battlefield together and left each other, spent a few days in one shot, and one day hugged and hugged in bed and ..."

I was dizzy in front of my eyes. Today ... I'm a day of my past.

"Yo, meet me every day in the cradle ... wipe each other sweats ... drink water together with a bottle ..."

"..."

The surrounding air cools down quickly. Jin Ye -seo was vomiting without knowing it. In the hands of compassion, the embers fluttered. Kite Under the feet of frost spread.

If you leave it alone, it seemed clear that Satan would fly. This is not a feeling, but an intuition.

"Guys."

I soon showed up. Then the three surprised three stared at me at the same time. The living was filled with the atmosphere.

I thought. Maybe I just saved my life.

"If you talk like that, I can't sleep."

"uh..."

"Ah ..."

"that is..."

The three were awkwardly avoiding my eyes. I would have knew that I was just watching their fights.

"...sorry."

"I woke up because of us ...?"

"I tried to be quiet ..."

It was difficult. Even though they just kill each other, they now have a concern to me. And both sides were sincere.

I'm more worried. Even if I survive this mission, can I choose someone?

The situation of the river was known. Anyone who was cheaper did not have a bold attempt to be caught up in lust. I could only see that worried words.

In the meantime, I spent my time alone because I organized my thoughts. Tomorrow, you will be in the horse view, and now you will be able to do this.

Maybe they just wanted to see me.

In other words, today is the last day to talk everyday. They are also kids who know about my condition ...

"..."

In the midst of this, it is absurd to express expectations. Who the hell can you choose here?

After all, there was only one answer. I hesitated and opened my mouth after anguish.

"... just would you just cut four?"

******************************* Chapter 262 *******************************

"Boy, are you not too clear? Didn't you sleep?"

morning. As soon as I waited, I heard a playful voice.

A youthful impression woman came back with a smile.

"Hmm ...... I don't think I'm nervous. Did you think about it alone?

"It's not like that. Just sleep a little."

I shook my head, but the black grave didn't think it would fall. Whistling, she smoked and said, she said with a gentle gaze.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC0D0WZRNDDWTVMMRSTHTVMMRSKVAOTRXEJAVEJAVEJAVES3DGCES3FVYS3FVR0I3E3E3E3E3elfmsw

"Well, because I had that time, of course, I was tired.

"... Did you see it?"

"Just pass by by chance."

The black grave answered in a smirk voice. I accidentally die. It was clear that yesterday's turmoil caught her attention. I know everything. Anyway, the personality is bad.

The black grave turned his head and found someone. As I followed the gaze, it was not difficult to find three other people.

Like a person who was dissatisfied with his eyes, he was pouting.

"Hi ... I like youth too, huh?"

"It's not like that. I just talked about the last night."

I denied her in an annoying voice. Naturally, there was no such thing about black graves.

They just turned around all night and went back to their own barracks before the day was bright.

"Okay, that's what."

I shrugged my shoulders as if the black grave was teasing. I turned the topic before the useless sound continued.

"Than that ... What happened to what I mentioned?"

The early evening dreams were clearly getting closer to them. But the problem is that the sense is in both sides.

Witches don't know what we've come close. The best way is to return the demon troops in front of you to find us. If so, we will be wasteful before we reach the nest.

"I was still trying to talk about it."

Prejudice is so scary. I often forget that she is a member of the armed forces and a member of the guard.

I thought I came to make fun of me.

"I shared the schedule with the command. I'm going to launch an offensive. To prevent the demon troops from surrounding us. "

"... so."

The heart was heavy. You mobilize tens of thousands of lives to turn your eyes from more than a hundred and so.

Even if you do not, it is inferior. In this situation, it was hard to know how many people would be hurt if they were forced to attack.

"Boy. Do not be useless to carry others' death."

Rarely serious voices awake the thoughts. The black grave was looking up at me with a calm sinking snow.

"You know? It's natural on the battlefield.

"but..."

"They are just doing their own duties. As we are doing our tasks. Sympathy is an insult.

"..."

It was a good word. Thanks to the words, I was able to wake up a little. I looked down at the black grave with a little smile.

"Did you know how to say that?"

"Huh? This is what you see me ..."

"Anyway, I have to move quickly. We don't know the exact location, but there's a variable. If the demons are really mobilized, you won't be able to guarantee the victory."

"... it will be okay. Because we are the only physical ability we are ahead of the demons."

The black graves nodded and nodded.

"The beasts can never catch up with our walks. Now the rest is over, so you can move to the force."

"That's right."

I replied and turned my head with a fluttering sense. In the middle of the eastern plains, a large mountain range was blocking as if cutting. Beyond the rain, there was a lot of dark clouds.

"Is that direction?"

"Yes. I think it's getting stronger. Like someone calls in a voice ..."

I lightly frowned my eyebrows at the question of the black grave.

"Do you know what's over there?"

"... Hasla."

Looking at the direction of my fingers, the black grave I thought was quietly answered.

"Hasla?"

"It was once one of the cities of the old civilization. Now it's been a hundred years since I was abandoned.

She grumbled as if she didn't like something.

"It's the opposite of the capital.

Soon there was a preliminary signal that announced the march in the amplifier installed in the military. The black grave, which heard the sound, turned around and turned back. that I put my head out as if something was forgotten.

"I have to go now. But the boy, are you really okay?"

"What do you mean?"

"That ... our plan."

She was rarely hesitant.

"According to that, the probability of your life ..."

"it's okay."

And I gave an immediate answer.

"I'm already prepared. I'll do it well, so you can worry."

"I don't say that ... uh."

A sigh of black graves smiled a little lonely.

"... I believe. If I know a boy I know, I will definitely be able to do well."

"thank you."

"You have to leave my life to a boy who was doing something dirty until the day before the departure.

"So it's not ...!"

The black grave disappeared without listening to my tight answer. After losing the anger, I stood in a stood.

... Who is seeing who is wide.

***

We could soon reach the shadow of the mountains. Except for combat equipment, the luggage was as simple as possible, so the movement speed was very fast.

-Quang!

In the west, sporadic bombardment was continuing for a few days. It means that the gastrointestinal offensive that Black Tombs say is being opened properly.

Occasionally, in the sky, a large magical magic of the range of magic was flashing. If you are looking at him, it seems that people's screams are heard, so I didn't look at it.

And finally we stepped into the strange land where everywhere was purple.

"The leaves are purple, the river is purple, the grass is purple ... raindrops are purple."

The big man walked in front of him glanced at the sky.

"This is an erosion. Is the perforation basin really a child joke ..."

"Later, the whole land is like this ... it's really terrible ..."

Beyond the fall of acid raindrops, Choi Woo -jin and Ryu Seung -heon's voices are heard. We continued the march with four people.

Even now, the purple land is gradually expanding its radius.

The pressure that seems to be in the ant hell is overwhelmed. The indigenous creatures here were bizarre twisted and all of them were hostile to us.

"Uh ... I feel bad ... ominous ..."

Moo -young, who walked side by side, shook her body.

"How can you see a beast in this place? This pollution will not be strange even if a first -class beast pops out ..."

"It's good if you don't have a waste of power."

"The spirits are too fire I'm not doing it. I saw the cat footprints of the cat before ... "

"What a cat?

Choi Woo -jin turned his head and answered.

"Or do you see hallucinations already?

Erosures eats our minds with hallucinations and hallucinations. The leader of the dream was also wearing such things throughout the witch. It is a way to hang out with the witches who mock the victims.

The symptoms were already appearing from those who are already weak, but Mooyoung shook his head and denied him.

"I'm going to be fine. Most of the brain activity is already assigned to the agreement with the spirits. If you look at hallucinations or hallucinations, the pollutants flowing from this land will be the principle of disturbing the brain."

Moo -young said, who was wearing her cheeks.

"Then we are like a warrior party."

"What is that?"

"The term in classical literature. Is it a tragic biography of the great warriors who carried the luck of mankind who took an adventure to kill the stereotypes of evil."

Mooyoung said exciting. We listened to him to chase free.

"It was a symbol of dignity to enjoy such a biography with beautiful and delicate paintings."

"Yes? I didn't know at all ..."

It turns out that Mooyoung is also joined in a club that enjoys such literature. Choi Woo -jin, who was listening to the story all the time, said with a smile.

"Is it a symbol of dignity? You look at your club propaganda almost like a spring note ..."

"Chun, Chunhwa Altitude! It's not like that !!"

"Yes, yeah. Okay, heh."

Mooyoung ran a road. I interrupted and turned the topic.

"Mooyoung. So, I am doing well with the senior? Why, at the shadow banquet ..."

"Of course. I'm still meeting well."

Mooyoung took something out of his arms. A boy with glasses who saw a picture of a girl full of healthy smiles shyly.

"Even if you don't have to decide."

"Decision? What is it?"

Mooyoung, who looked embarrassed, closed her eyes and shouted.

"Me, if you go back, told you to formally engage ...!"

"uh..."

"Cool luck ...!"

Choi Woo -jin and Seung Heon each had a difficult expression. The atmosphere fell down.

For some reason ... I feel like I can't hear it.

******************************* Chapter 263 *******************************

Throughout the dark purple forest, a whitish light of light began to shine.

"Exit!"

At the forefront of the ranks that confirmed this, joyful elasticity broke out. Throughout the heartfelt hearing and hallucinations, they were in their eyes.

And with the view, with the view, a wide open area appeared.

Beyond it, weeds and vines were ruins of the old city. There was no other side of the other side of the big and wide city.

Only after the endless high -rise buildings, we could see the sea on the east.

"... finally Hasla's beginning."

Expeditionary Commander, Black Grave, looked up at the city's view. Her voice was tired.

She had to suffer from the halls of the guards who were killed throughout the erosion. Of course, it was no different now. A skull was loudly pouring a curse on her ears.

The black grave turned to the expeditions. Already they have suffered more than 10 % of non -combat losses. Those who were crazy about the fantasy were left out of the forest and even the remaining those could not know when the seizure would burst.

"Black tomb."

The deputy of the dark face came to her. The black grave, which felt unusual, frowned when spraying.

"What's going on?"

"... it's a plan."

And she closed her eyes.

"Three of the five divisions in the offensive were wiped out. The remaining two divisions are managing to resolve the defeat."

"..."

"... On the erosion, the demons have become more powerful. It was observed. The allies had to be helpless.

"Tell me. I'm listening."

She urged her to hesitate.

"The traces of the massive demon army who were sold to this place were captured by the reconnaissance crow.

"...."

enN1WnIzcFhHMVJuR0JvdkNPc013OGdISXoxUXRTSWpieVhLRjRJVmsrUUtDM1JiUXhlNGJkMWZvRmIvRkNueg

I kicked my tongue as if I saw a black grave. The situation was close to the worst.

The offensive, which had been to tie the demon's main troops, failed. I can't guarantee victory against witches, but if they join them, defeat was the same.

The defeat is not their own defeat, but the defeat of the Republic.

It would also be a defeat of humanity.

-To you should have tied your neck in that forest ... It's not too late ... even now ...

"Oh, really ..."

The black grave, which scattered the hallucination that urged death, pointed to the forehead as if it were a troublesome.

And the turmoil that occurred in some parts of the military attracted her attention.

A boy with a strange mask was surrounded by three girls. One black hair, one white hair, one blond. Each colorful girl fought with a nasty momentum.

The other cadets around them were indifferent to fuss or desperately laugh.

"Scout is with me ..."

"The same as me ...!"

"This time my turn ..."

The black grave endured the laughter that burst out as if it was. Somehow, I think I can see a difficult face over.

The deputy who confirmed the place where her eyes reached muttered in a voice without conviction.

"... Is that the only student in our only salvation? A boy like that ..."

"What are you coming now. It's a kid who has led us to here."

The black grave shrugged lightly and answered.

"If it weren't for that boy, we wouldn't have found a witch's nest."

"but..."

"It's already. It's already time to complain. It's more important to use only three days of time."

She raised her in her seat and instructed the deputy.

"10 minutes later, resume marches. Before that, I picked a reconnaissance tank and developed it into the city. I told you to take a look more than usual. It's so quiet.

"All right."

The deputy moved away and the black grave stepped to the center of the turmoil. Suddenly, instead of a serious look, a distinctive frivolous smile stayed at its mouth.

When she approached behind her, she raised her arms on her shoulder.

"I'm sorry, but you should take different reconnaissance."

"Black tomb?"

"Oh ..."

Soon afterwards, three pairs of eyes with a good hostility turned to her. The black tombs did not care about him and enjoyed him as a sweet snack.

"It is the extremes of inefficiency to drive the best talents into a group.

She shook her hands and drove the girls.

"Go. If you have a briefing on the formation of reconnaissance, you will be able to follow the command of the command. Okay?"

"..."

"Uh ..."

"Chet ..."

I did not forget to express my complaints while following the orders. About twice the hostility of the enemy again. also Again she didn't care.

"Lower your arms."

"Boy, what is the habit of saying that I saved from the difficulties? I should say 'Thank you' first.

The black graves ignored the boy's words. The innocent reaction when the flesh touched the flesh, it encouraged her play.

"How is the condition? Is there a problem mentally? I had a nightmare."

"No problem. Nightmare is originally daily."

And a sticky and dark table immediately penetrated her.

A deep and heavy feelings that can't be compared to the speculations that the girls just sent.

The burden from the past, the conflict from the past, the conflict from the relationship, and the responsibility he is losing.

All of that was tangled upon the boy's soul. It was too heavy for a young boy who had less than terms.

"..."

The black grave, which was teasing, was blocked by a calm answer. Every time I dealt with him, it was a seeing feelings, but adaptation was not easy.

A car to look at her, who has stopped her.

As if the black grave was like that! The boy's back shouted.

"ah!"

"A young younger is beaten! Wake up and prepare for marching!

"I tried to know it! But black grave ...!"

The black tombs went out as if they were bounced without listening to the masked boy. I heard the voice of a boy who resented her, but she didn't care at all this time.

It's only grumbled. Compared to the heavy and turbid feelings of the just, it was nothing.

The boy who touched his back disappeared into the military. Only then did the tall black tomb looked at the place where the boy left.

"... poor."

***

"wow..."

One of the circles in the reconnaissance tank looked around and admired the stretch. Although it has already been ruined, it was only a stylish building built with practical skills.

The leader, who was the leader, handed over to the cadet who walked around the stretch.

"Hey. Focus on search. Didn't you hear the explanation? You said witches would be hiding in the city.

"I'm doing it? But what do you do?"

The person who heard the attention was grumbled and answered.

"There is no biological response, no particle scars remain ... Really nothing. There are witches here. It's just a ghost city."

"I had a hard time coming out of the erosion."

rear Another cadet who looked at it sighed. Then I looked at the girl who walked around.

"Oh, are you okay? Are you still suffering from hallucinations yet? I'm just resting ..."

"Uh, it's okay."

Then she shook her head.

"You only have a hard time, but you can't miss me."

"but..."

"It's okay. If it's really hard, I'll tell you then."

A girl who shook her head and broke her mind wrote a magic. Soon she began to spread her huge rug -shaped solid line around her. The other reconnaissance members who stopped walking sent a admiration to see him.

"After all, because Ahee is the best search magic ..."

"I don't have any talented people as a whole cradle. I know.

"What? Really?"

The girl who spread the search magic at the top of the head frowned.

"... there is an object reaction in front of you. In the 11 o'clock direction, about 300m in front ..."

"Yes? Then once ..."

"I'll check."

The girl who had a search magic quickly stepped on. Just as if to replenish the movements that have just been stupid.

The rest of the reconnaissance members soon followed. What they found was a girl who smiled with something in her arms.

"Guys. Look at this."

"What is it?"

She soon seemed to introduce it to her arms. And the members shouted and shouted.

"Ahhhhh! Please put it down right now !!"

"Why is it all of a sudden? It's just a rugged doll."

She shook her head as if she didn't understand the reactions of the members. The party immediately took a boundary posture and slowly slowed down.

What was in her arms was the egg of the beast with the pulse. Soon before hatching, the peel was twisted.

"Look. How are you so good?"

"Put it down!"

The girl did not see any reactions to repeated requests. The blurred eyes showed that her thoughts were still under the influence of erosion.

"If you do this, you can sell it as a relic at the auction house ... Kee!"

"Ah !!"

And a long claw popped out of a huge egg, and she divided her head. The female student who fell with the terminal was as good as it was.

Soon after, a beast covered with sticky liquids crawled out of the egg. It was called in an instant and fluttered the blood on the toenail.

Then he immediately turned around and ran to the scouts standing.

-Ki eh !!

"Lee, this baby ...! "

The male student, who was a prominent, first woke up and grabbed the blade. And he split the rushing beast at once.

Silk has fallen around. Between the two bodies that quickly occurred, the members of the lines were stood in the stood.

The killing of a lower -level beast was as easy as cutting meat. Rather, the fear of the instinct area was even greater.

In a state of mental state of the beast's eggs, they stepped into an unknown city that may be waiting.

"...

And breaking the silence was a pleasantly pleasant person's laughter. Someone's popularity was in danger of having to collapse quickly.

Two, not one.

"Castor! Did you just see it? Now that's a doll ... Puhi ..."

"Pollux. You said you shouldn't show up yet. I should have dragged it deeper ..."

"That's what you are so funny ..."

A dress of naive appearance, classic western style, which appears to be ten years old.

The two girls who were just similar were opposite attitudes. One side applauded as if I saw a pleasant one. On one side, I put my hands on my head as if the headache hurts.

The reconnaissance was instinctively noticing their identity. The boy who was in charge of the head shouted in a hurry.

"Witch !! Everyone runs away ... !!"

But he could not speak all. Tung. I felt like a flying sky with something bouncing. He looked around. What was seen was the cutting neck of the climbing towards the air.

And he could immediately realize that he was flying in the sky, too.

After a slow time. Finally, the neck falls to the floor with the sound. Beyond that, I saw a twin girl looking at them with a opposite expression.

Beyond the blurred view, a girl called Castor made an expressionless lips.

"Welcome to our holy place, lower life."

******************************* Chapter 264 *******************************

The warning magic around me rang out loudly. In all sides of the dead ghost cities, there was a sudden sign.

Soon after, there were more than thousands of beasts over the dirt. The observer who expanded his view and looked at the right shouted with a surprised face.

"Promoted in front! Get a formation and prepare for shock!"

"Where did it appear suddenly!"

"To retreat?"

"No! Except to enter the city ...!"

There was a huge shadow of the observer who could not remove the body in the entire confusion. A bizarre beast of spores all over the body ran to him with a red baby.

-Kyaak!

"Wow ...!"

It was a distance that would be torn on the teeth before writing a magic food. At the end, the observer who recognized him closed his eyes. And I heard a voice crying urgently behind him.

"Avoid !!"

-Camet!

The massive blades flying through the air split exactly in half. Beyond the visceral and bloody vision, the man of the mask approached and reached out to him.

"I join the headquarters, come!"

"Go, thank you !!"

Lee Hyun was urgently returned to listen to the alarm to join the reconnaissance. The camp was already surrounded by a group of beasts that had already flocked like clouds.

Kung-The massive body beasts hit the body and ate the durability of the barrier magic. Soon, the barrier magic began to break up with the sound of gold. The beasts invaded through the gap were making the formation a mess.

"Alpha squad 12 o'clock! Beta and gamma are in the direction of 3 o'clock! Don't worry about what you came in, focus on maintaining the barrier!"

Black graves were busy to instruct. In the midst of chaos, a beast aimed at her slicing and approaching. Finally, when he reached the range, he fluttered three tongues and revealed the true color.

-Wedge !!

-Chi profit! See!

However, Blade, who flew with a sharp portrait sound, penetrated the beast's beauty. The beast overturned his body and struggled with eight pairs of legs.

"Yo, boy! Are you in the right timing?"

And the black grave, who turned around late, grasped the situation and smiled. Lee Hyun has drawn the blade and wipes the green blood moderately.

"What is this now?"

"I think they were hiding the beast.

She flew from the distant foot Avoid lightly.

"Witch ... Lee Hyung -jong could send a wave to the beast to control it freely. It's really all. The boy is not like that?"

"Is it. If that's possible, you've retired them right away."

"Yeah? That's a bit unfortunate ..."

"Let me lower the instructions. Do you retreat into the city and join the reconnaissance tank?"

The black graves shrugged.

"Only the beasts that have been killed so far. At this point, I can handle it leisurely. First of all, the front line is organized, and the policy is later ..."

But it was before she finished talking. With the roar of tearing the ears, a huge crack is in the middle of the floor.

With the tearing of torn ears, the clay clouds spread all over the place.

And a huge shadow that seemed to cover all the sky beyond the dust began to appear.

A body made of hundreds of joints without a leg. There are thousands of pointed teeth in human body.

-Oh oh oh !!

It was a terrible and bizarre beast I first saw. The sound of crying low was increasing in the camp.

The black grave, which was always relaxed, was staring at it with a cold face.

"This is a fertilization. That's a dragon to crawl ...!"

"Do you know the identity of the beast?"

"I'm one of the five disasters who stopped the development of Eastern development.

The dust was completely lifted and the whole body of the giant beast was revealed. There were two small foreign objects at the top of the ugly snout.

Soon it was found that it had a form of a person. Lee Hyun could not know the identity of the twins who were wearing the old -fashioned dress.

"witch..."

It was a long time, he reflexively gave him the hand holding his blade. And a girl called Pollux smiled and instructed the beast.

"Everything tramples."

-Oh oh oh !!

The beast began to rush to them. It was almost impossible to stop it with a barrier.

Lee Hyun was preparing to strengthen his body by writing a magic of predictive. But black graves caught his forearm and immediately scattered unfinished magic.

"No, boy! Did you forget your plan?"

She shook Lee Hyun's shoulder and shook.

"You have to save your strength until the end. What if you already work!"

"But those witches and beasts ...!"

"Expected if this situation It was a category. It's something you can cope with! "

"Then what do you want to do ...!"

"We'll stop here! You keep moving into Hasla!

She turned around and wrote a magic on the palm of her hand. Soon her voice resonated in the military.

"Rearrange the front! Alpha, beta, gamma is a battle! Delta, Epsilon, Zeta secures the access road inside the city! The rest is nest search!"

"It's a group! It's only three ...!"

"Boy. Do not ignore this body too much."

On top of Lee Hyun's head-hand was placed. The black grave who saw him said in a confident voice.

"The owner of the guards of the guards is me. I can split such an earthworm with one hand."

"but..."

"I told you. Do not dare to carry the burden of others."

Lee Hyun stopped moving. The eyes of the black grave to see him still sank calmly without shaking.

"We will do our tasks. So ... you will do your duties."

"...All right."

Lee Hyun nodded, and the black grave was relieved. There was no need to speak and receive more than this.

There is no time to delay. The masked boy who shared his eyes went straight out of the camp and ran into the city with others.

There is a huge shade over the head of the black grave that looked at him. The giant beast was approaching the nose.

She could see two girls on the head of the beast. The appearance of squatting with a boring expression caused a good victory.

"Huh, cheeky ..."

It was a cold smile that had never been shown to masked boys. Pajijik-Her hair began to be torn with something torn. Soon, a heavy black current rose as if she had seeping her body.

-Oh oh oh !!

The giant beast uses his body as a weapon and falls down. The black grave jumped over it. She dipped her blade in the middle of a snout full of teeth.

And as a lightning, a huge black thunderbolt in the sky struck the ground.

***

-Quang !!

The sound of the ear ringing. The heavy aftermath was soon driven. I looked back while running. However, the situation of the battlefield was not seen in the acting and dust that blooms.

"..."

fat I didn't stop running while chewing my paired lips. Soon those who were instructed were joining. Some of them were familiar.

Mooyoung, Seung Heon, Choi Woojin. In addition, several other academies have joined. Jin -seo, compassion, and Yeon -yi did not participate in the fight.

Choi Woo-jin, who had a trace of battle, waved his hand with a smile.

"You were alive."

"You're a mess."

"It was in the west defense. It's a trace of glorious battle."

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVBVD2C3VMCUJZS2NTNMJQBEHBEHBEHAVKVJADKVQTHNQMMMMMMMMMMMMYDE8WWHBOZC9HCG

"Where are you injured?"

"Can you?"

"... good."

It was during the conversation. Mooyoung, who had a little powerful expression, asked a question.

"Encouraging, but where are you going now?"

"You have to join the people who went out to the reconnaissance. Let's go to the p. Then ... uh?"

When I turned my head, I saw something and frowned. In the middle of the path we headed, I saw someone standing alone.

The back of a woman wearing a white sleeveless dress tied in a bilateral head. I didn't have to think about who the identity was. Everyone here will guess.

And another student running from the back accelerated and swung the blade.

Dirty witch! It's going to go !!! "

"No! Wait a minute ...!"

And I was caught in a strange feeling at the moment. I tried to dry him with his hand, but he had already hit.

The woman of the head did not move until the blade was pushed around the neck.

Finally, she turned her head in a minute divided time. Then I stared at it.

Tower-A unnatural movement stops in the air. The body of the cadet, which fell down to the floor, began to solidify with the sound.

Soon he became a vivid stone statue and did not move. The woman slowly turned to us. I shouted without encountering that eye.

"Painting !! Don't look at your eyes !!"

It is the power that is only activated when you meet your eyes in the process. If you don't look at it, you can't get it.

I was thinking so.

"Oh, no !!"

I turned to screams from behind. And I stopped at the view.

"Joe, promoted ..."

A boy with a strange impression with glasses hardens. Petrification, which started from the end of the buy, is at a high speed I was eating some body. In his eyes, tears were rising.

"I went back ..."

The tongue that became a stone was no longer speaking. Mooyoung did not work hard and did not move.

Like hundreds of years standing there.

"... Mooyoung?"

******************************* Chapter 265 *******************************

What was in front of my eyes was a vivid stone statue. Even the glasses and tears of the eyes are too real.

I have no choice but to. That stone statue was Mooyoung who had just lived and breathed.

"Mooyoung !!"

I immediately approached him and gave power. This is the power of an obvious witch. Like others, I thought that if my power reached, petrification would be released straight.

However, Mooyoung still did not wake up. After a few seconds, the signs of petrification were not felt at all.

"Why, why ..."

"Give up. I can't solve my petrification with the power of the king."

I heard a voice as if I was embarrassed. A woman who tied her head with both branches, who made Mooyoung like that, was standing.

"The fixation of the existence itself is not just a change in the composition. The release is impossible to wake up. It is not known if it was blocked before the power reached."

The witch spoke in a calm voice.

"There is only one way to loosen petrification. It kills me."

"This year ..."

I asked the distance. Even though I didn't meet my eyes, it seemed like I could see a smile on my face.

The witch was clearly provoking me. Here, it consumes all the power and dies.

But if I use my strength here, it would be a way to reach the nest. My magic has a constraint and my body is falling at this moment.

It will also be that the witch is aiming. Because of the last cradle's core runaway incident, they will know my situation well.

I was endlessly worrying at the moment. And in the end, I was trying to listen to the blade.

Someone in a massive black -in -fleds stood in front of Mooyoung.

"You're pathetic. Are you going to a cheap provocation?"

Choi Woo -jin said as if he provoked me. There was a little fever on the expression.

"What are you doing? There's no way."

"No way?"

The cadet of the giant said, thumping the reaction gloves of the chest. I hesitated and asked him.

"... Is it a way?"

"okay."

Choi Woo -jin nodded.

"Yo, shouldn't you keep the petrified people here until you finish your work?"

"...ah."

I could only realize what he said. The 30 % of those here are petrified and unable to act. And the witch said that only if he kills himself, he can release the petrification.

Now There is no way to determine whether words are true or lie. Except to kill yourself. But if I work here, the likelihood of destroying the nest will be lower.

So Choi is talking. I would be protecting those petrified here until I reached the nest and destroyed it.

Already explained to the close people, such as Choi Woo -jin and Seung -heon. I have the power to eliminate the nest, but on the other hand, there is a limit to using magic smoothly.

Anyway, the nest is the final goal of this operation. In addition, if the nest is destroyed, the witches who are tied to it can naturally disable.

However, until I reached there, I needed a premise that Choi Woo -jin should continue to block here.

"... is it possible?"

Contrary to the careful questions, he nodded with confidence.

"of course."

And at the back, there was a rupture of a crack in the air-air. We looked back. A huge particle crystal that seemed to cover the sky appeared on the witch's head.

"Is there yet?

The distinctive voice spreads in the head.

"I can't make it unlimited."

And particle decisions sharply flooded with us.

"Everything falls back !!"

In the future, Choi Woo -jin screamed and teased his finger. Soon he is drawn on his hands and a lot of complex shapes with countless angles.

The shiny point in the air in front of him began to appear. The dots and dots soon led to the line, forming a huge and thick translucent membrane.

The shapes of shining dots were getting bigger and the shape of the buds. Hundreds of flowers were completely blooming, drawing thick particle barriers.

'... Palanks.'

It is the unique magic of Seongsan that boasts the strongest defense. The other day I have experienced it twice. One time to deal with Choi's lease. One time to deal with Choi Woo -jin in the ranking.

-Kwak!

The particle crystals that seemed to change all of us collided with the barriers and threw their ears. The air surrounding the air shiny as a scattered particle.

The barrier was a bit cracked, but it still did not move as if it was rooted in the place. The performance is quite amazing. His Palanks was much larger and harder than he had against the other day.

"Huh ... how are you?"

He stopped the attack once and looked back at me with a satisfactory smile.

"It's a thick barrier that will surround all this space." "... amazing."

I said a honest appreciation. He seems to be faithfully using the time given to him.

And unlike me, who spent a lot of time to solve the inner conflict, he achieved clear results in his external growth.

Choi Woo -jin, who heard the answer, said, revealing the Kill.

"It's a good look. No matter how you can penetrate this. I must ... in the next duel ..."

-Quaan !!

But just several times, his words were buried. The smoke was overwhelming over the barrier. Beyond the rolling smoke, I could see the particle petals of Palanks, which was torn tattered.

Choi seemed to recall the fact that the witch was a creature that could deal with unlimited particles.

"Well, go fast. No matter how long you can't hold it."

As he was a bit nervous, he smiled and focused on the conservatives of the barrier again. The more delayed, the more spare was disappearing.

I chewed my lips by looking at others and others who were hard like a stone. But eventually turned around.

"... go. Don't die."

I bypassed the particle barrier built by Choi Woo -jin. I heard a sound of kicking the tongue as if I didn't like the witch of both branches. It is inconvenient to plant because the work does not work.

ZGVPDDC2CMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVAKCLVAKC2BHHZDVHB2TGJ4DGJ4AUXRQYS0NEFQC2ZNEMUXA3LZEUC3WDVNNNM0ZW

And not beyond the barrier where others gathered, but the sharp movements were flooded towards me.

"If you don't see it, stop it."

Suddenly, a vivid voice flowed out of the back. The thin fingers were stuck out as if holding my chin.

Now I am saving as much power as much as possible. It was not enough to get out of the hands of the witch, the magic itself.

Oh!

And with the collision of something, the signs that were felt from the back disappeared. I left the street and turned my head. Someone's shadow was seen between binge and smoke.

"... hu."

Sehwa sister's younger brother, Seung -heon, sighed heavily, intercepting Stellite alloy Spear. Hot steams were biting throughout his inhabitants that absorbed the shock.

As he turned his head, he looked at me and laughed.

"I will stop here. Come on."

It was a laugh that felt sad. He asked again with a slightly firm voice.

"Go ... just right Save Lee's sister. "

"...okay."

The steps are heavy. But I had no choice but to nod.

I changed my direction again. On the back, there was a voice of two encouraging survivors.

"Group 1 blocks the approach of me and the witch! Never hold onto Hyun -yi!"

"2 trillion helps to pay for the barrier! All who are petrified are moved to the back !!"

"This is a dustproof ... !!"

-Quang !! Kwahia !!

I wanted to see angered voice, but the tingling binge is covering it.

I could feel intuition. The time they can hold on to that witch is at least dozens of minutes.

I am lazy means their death. Including the black graves and those who have just fallen off the beasts outside the city.

I ran and didn't stop thinking.

We did not even scrape all the information about the witch until just before the out -of -coming. However, Jena continued to refuse to meet the witches, so he did not know about the types of power they had.

If he knew him, he would not have lost his power, including Mooyoung and other power. I recalled him and the taste was very good.

But it is fortunate that they are intercepting individually as they expect.

Power is a power of omnipotence beyond common sense and limits. However, I thought it would be difficult to project in one place. Even the system of power of each other is different.

If such power is gathered in one place, there will be a lot of confusion on the battlefield. It would be a fact that the expeditionary army suffered great damage, but rather, each other could be hurt by each other's power.

And the variable of the battlefield always appears in such confusion.

'There is no reason to afford such a variable from the overwhelming power of power.'

Moreover, as you just saw, the witches are not the owners of the powerful power who will be able to handle several tenth wizards.

There is only one variable in this situation. How well do others block witches until I reach the nest?

It is as clear as the power of the cadets that have grown over the past half a year exceeded my expectations. However, the unexpected situation is that the major power that has been scattered as a reconnaissance tank has been scattered.

My head was hot. It was almost impossible to predict the future development after me. I just want hope that is close to luck.

I was in mind and was digging into the city. And the landscape around the ruined surroundings It was reflected in the pupils.

Increasingly, the recording was getting darker in ancient cities. The influenced by the particles and the vines were growing as much as a huge high -rise building and surrounding them.

There was a popularity of someone in the middle of the in the middle of the scenery. I stopped in front of it over the distance.

"Wow, wu ... why should I stay here alone ..."

A woman wearing a checkered bread hat on her head. Beyond the round glasses, the eyes were scared and shaking.

"I can't ... with other kids now ... Hiik ...!

It was late for me to mutter and complained for a long time. Then he laughed awkwardly with his hand with a slightly nervous face.

"Oh, hello ...? I'm called Alderamine ..."

******************************* Chapter 266 *******************************

"This, it's nice to see you ... I put it down and don't say it ...?"

The witch, who introduced himself as Alderamine, was trying to persuade me for some reason. Do you braid your fingers or don't meet your eyes properly. Considering that woman's identity, it's an awkward behavior that doesn't suit you.

So I did not trust more.

"Wait a minute ... Hiik."

In my hand holding the blade, the blood vessels have been raised. Even the attitude of pretending to be innocent will be clear.

"That, don't ... huh? I don't want to fight ..."

The witch, who noticed the civil war, chewed his tongue with a white tired color.

"Why don't you calm down the surrounding scenery ...? It's not pretty ...?

"If you don't want to fight, do you want to get out of it?"

"That's not it ..."

A witch with his eyes closed said as if he had a lot of trouble.

"You can kill it."

"..."

It was not worth it.

"Ehuh, isn't it in words ..."

After static once. The witch noticed my stubborn attitude slowly. Then I deeply exhaled the sigh of resignation.

"I didn't want to hurt the children ..."

'children?'

It was a moment when I felt a strange discomfort in that word. Without any precursor, a huge shadow from the rear side of the rear was on my head.

-Kuung!

Soon, two stems of old trees are tied up. I managed to roll my body and get out of the seat. The place I had just stood up was deeply dug in the weight of the tree stem.

"this...!"

I swallowed the streets inside. I think I realized the identity of the children that I just mentioned.

I looked around. The branches and vines of the plants were stretching the beast towards me as if they were alive. The tranquil forest, which was rooted in the ruins in the city, was a slaughterhouse for only one person.

Behind the witch standing on the distance, two long vines in the form of a snake were stretched. And they did not have enough time to flooded me.

-New!

When you flip your body upside down, a vine just passes through the place where my head was. Even though the reaction was a little late, I would have been grilled with a brain and grilled.

Subsequently, the other rushed into my legs standing on the ground. I wielded the blade and hit it.

-Kaan!

Rather than cutting the vines, Only loud sounds. There was only a bit of scratches left in the place where the day was reached. Can you call it a plant?

"That, can't you just die ...?"

And the voice of the witch comes from behind. Crazy bitch. Among the witches I have met so far, the mental state is unusual.

I immediately got up and went to a corner without a square. Then several thin vines, like the nets, flew as if they were tied to me.

-Kaan !!

I hit it with a blade and rolled it to the side. And immediately spread the power near the heart.

However, unlike the wishes, plants were stretched or that it turned into particles, so it did not happen. The stems on the floor do not lose their momentum and run towards me again. Now, even each leaf was very sharp as if I would change my skin.

'It is not affected by power.'

I looked again at the witch. Pretend to pretend beyond the glasses to stretch the heat.

Hundreds of thin and shining thread strands from the witch's body were tightly attached to the roots of the moving plants. To stop the movement of the plant, it seems that you have no choice but to stop it.

Or kill the witch.

"... hu."

Either way, it's not easy. My power is limited, and that witch doesn't allow my approach to my approach.

It feels like I'm dipping my feet in the swamp. It's no coincidence to meet the tricky enemies in succession. I was racing while knowing the well -organized trap.

"Just give up and die ... Huh? I'll just stab my heart that doesn't really hurt ...!"

The dog barks continues to ring. I was in a terrible concern if I should liberate the power we saved this time.

"If you're scared, can you do a eyes ... or ... huh?"

The witch, desperately complaining of mercy, turned his head as if he had found something. The light from the distance is also in my eyes.

I could see that the rigor of the upcoming light is a huge fireball that is coming quickly. Increasingly hot heat was filling the atmosphere around.

Soon, the fireballs that were running in the middle of the ruins in the city broke and sprinkled embers all around them. Hundreds of embers embroidered the air like firecrackers.

And clinging to the moving plants around him, he began to eat them like the top predators.

-Heura!

"Kyak, ah, no !! My children ... !!"

Witch screams with astound expressions I screamed. The rich tanning and the macrobi gradually filled the ruins.

Another angle. From beyond confusion, someone is coming to the footsteps.

"Well burned. After all, the plant should be burned with fire."

Beyond the dark field of view, bright white hair and red eyes were as good as blood. The compassion that went out as a reconnaissance was back.

And there was a party that didn't suit her at all.

"Hyuna! Are you okay?"

I was fine in the hell. On the contrary, I felt a little chill and exuded a stupid breath.

Around me, a huge ice sphere was like a barrier. And a black hair girl who ran urgently looked at my regards.

"Yuna ..."

"Hey, stay still ...! The injured place ..."

Yeonyi was a sigh of relief only after confirming that my body had no trauma. I asked by pulling my body out of the ice sphere.

"Why are you two?

I thought it might have died and only survived, but Yeoni shook his head straight.

"Minha -rang met Oda. And the other members were sent to the main unit. We both were the main magic, so it could be rather interfering with fighting together ..."

Fortunately, the worst is not yet. Suddenly one other question runs again.

"But how did you know here? It's not a collection ..."

Then, when I can't notice, I feel nasty on Yeon's face.

"... Minha put a spirit to you. So I followed it."

"..."

"I'm glad, Well. Thanks to you, I was able to find you quickly ..."

The smiling face is cool. Anga Moon's lips seemed to be saying:

'Leave year.'

This is what I think later. I immediately turned my eyes to look at the battlefield.

"No ... no ...! My girls ...!"

The burning plants struggled as if they were painful. The witch squeezed his head and did not know what to do.

And in front of him, a white girl came out and laughed.

"It's not a real insane. Are all witches like this?

My appreciation and her appreciation matched exactly. The witch who listens to the witch leans his head and leans his body. Unlike before, it was not timid, but from anger.

Soon it was raised and spewed over the glasses over the glasses.

"You, are you really a bad person? Can't you hear Lee? Is there any heart for you? "

"What is your heart in grass?"

I laughed as if I had no intention of suits the words of a compassion. Rather, the bottom of the voice was fluttering.

Compassion was a voice with an unpleasant voice.

"Dare to touch my man?"

The reaction was immediate. Yeon, not a witch, was staring at her. Seeing her with a compassion, she smiled.

Yeon -yi, who had a fever, was opening his mouth. In the middle of the ruins, the listening voice rang.

"... I can't forgive."

"under?"

I was able to make a look of compassion. The witch standing up with a stopped movement raised his hand.

Then, the plants that burned began to sprout rapidly. Soon, thousands of sharp branches and living vines that regained their appearance began to flood the face to us. The compassion was stare at them.

"After all ... it's better to keep on fire."

Something was felt in the atmosphere around which had nothing. Small butterflies with embers were gradually revealed. Hundreds of fire butterfly spirits gathered in one place, and they began to melt into one and be fused into one.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013Muzoqstztztztwivai81RWVON1QWUZNRVK92Q92Q9KM0TVUE5BMHz3ZIYWPYSW

Soon there is a giant who appears in chaos and has a shape.

The giant who was as huge as the ruins of the ruins put the palms forward. Soon the entire air in front of us was filled with fire walls and burned the flooded plants.

"Ah, ah ... Ah ... children ... again ..."

And the witch was scratching the skin of the face. It was very bizarre to see flesh and bones.

The witch crying in pain was supported by evil.

"I can't forgive! Never ... !!"

Woodeul. The sprouted plants combine as if they were swirling. The shadow of a huge tree, which is several times the old tree, was on us.

The tree floors hit us at a fast pace that cannot be imagined. The giant of the form of fire grabbed it with his arms.

It was just a little bit of a tree. It was so huge that I couldn't burn it like a small plant.

-Quang! bang!

And the struggle begins between the giant and the big plant. Several lung buildings are in order Lost the form and collapse.

I stood like a compassion. And she called me who was thinking about Gaseo.

"... this. Would you like to come here for a while?"

"Senior? Suddenly why ... town."

It was a moment of stepping into the puzzle. It was felt moist and warm lips that felt with the distance near the hook.

Beyond it was ... It was the face of Yeon, who was hardened by petrification.

******************************* Chapter 267 *******************************

The tongue under compassion stirs my mouth. The fisheye is tired of sudden action.

"Chu -eup."

Beyond the falling tongue, the pinky tongue fluttered. The transparent strands were briefly briefly between us.

I was looking at me after my compassionate lips.

"...go."

"senior?"

"I will stop here."

In a word, complex emotions that could not be organized have been dragged into the two eyes.

"I still don't like it. What's that is the operation ..."

The compassion was staring at the eyes.

"senior."

"I told you to go."

-Woji string!

In the back of compassion, I saw a fire giant who made a mess. It is a kind of magic that I had never seen before.

She was at the top of the student, but it was still growing. Would I have been able to subdue her without power if he knew that he would deal with that magic at the beginning of the semester?

Prediction is not easy.

"Don't worry. I'll clean up and follow."

Compassion bite his lips well.

"Promise only one instead. Never ... I will not die."

"..."

The mouth did not fall easily. But even before I heard a compassion, I turned my head. Now she was facing Yeon -yi.

"You're off, white Seoyeon. It's only disturbing."

And the dimness just melted without a trace.

"And ... keep my boyfriend well?"

"...under."

I look at compassion as if the sun is only out of shock. On the one hand, I felt a complicated feeling that had not been before whether there was a change of mind in the attitude of compassion.

I did not talk to me more and I turned my body. I remembered her eyes that were so trembling at the moment.

"Let's go, Hyuna."

"...huh."

I turned to Yeon's rush. Compassion is now completely immersed in the burning giants.

"Die, die, die, die !!"

"There's no crazy bitch, real ... !!"

-Quang! Kwahia !!

The angry work is covered with binge and disappears. I finally confirmed that I was under the ruins before leaving the ruins. Based on the red background of the fireworks, long white hair was flying in the sky.

"..."

But soon, he moved to the unintentional step.

***

We moved along the long tunnel connected to the city center. It was not known where this end continued. Just follow the sense of calling me.

Tunnel that has been left for more than decades Was broken down. I didn't feel any signs except our footsteps on the water on the floor.

I asked Yeon -yi, who was running silently after a step away.

"Witches, how many guys are there now?"

"..."

"Yuna?"

"Uh, huh?"

Yeon -yi, who was immersed in something, was surprised and woke up from the idea.

She waved and answered late.

"It was definitely 15 people. One of them was killed, the two were killed by Haehwa, one Spica ... Jena, one is Sua ..."

"There were four witches that blocked us earlier. Then there are six people left now? It's not easy."

"I'm not sure. Maybe it's less than that. There may be some things that are plot other than nest defense ..."

"I'm glad, but ..."

"..."

The conversation was broken again. I could know without seeing the expression. Yeon is terribly worried about something.

And the cause is probably ...

"Uh? The exit in front ..."

And finally, with bright light, the end of the darkness began to be seen. The place where the tunnel works was the old residence where only the old buildings remained.

I don't feel good. It is a landscape that reminds us of the village we lived. Even the same was the same.

"I ... Hyuna."

"why?"

I turned to the voice that called me. Yeon was looking at my fingers as if he was referring to something.

"Maybe ... Can I just ask one?"

"ask?"

"Uh, yeah ..."

Yeon -yi shook his head up and down. In the midst of this, I was curious what she asked.

"There is, you ..."

"I'm listening."

"That, so ... when this operation is over ... to me too ...!"

But Yeon, who was eagerly closed with his eyes closed, stopped talking. She changed her face to be alerted in an instant and looked around with her hands on the particle array.

Now that the magic of predictions is not applied, the sense of kite is much superior to me. She was looking at something beyond my view.

"... Hyuna, come behind me."

I was wary of the surroundings while standing against Yeon -yi. Soon I could see the object she was wary of.

"Two people?"

A woman wearing a long dress and a cigarette in one hand walked out of the shade. There was a satisfactory smile on the mouth that looked at us.

"Do you think other kids are doing well?"

And one popularity is one Not.

"Good job. I missed the most important targets."

"It's a big fact."

"Against lower life ..."

We instantly surrounded over ten people. The sight of muttering with the same voice with the same face was giving a strange sound.

It doesn't feel like a twin witch encountered outside the city. If so ... did you have the power of alter ego?

"Well, if you kill it here, you will stop."

The first woman, who appeared, still said with a smile. In the air behind her, dozens of particle missiles appeared, like the giants' needles, and rushed towards us.

Of course, there are dozens of people per person.

-New!

A bad sound of the wall scratching the wall is ringing. Hundreds of missiles were tightening our breath. And there was no space to avoid.

But Yeon, who blocked me, didn't even look at it. She stood at her seat and embellished the air with her fingers.

"Dare to Hyun -yi ... don't touch it !!"

At the moment, the particle missiles flying on the ice pillars that rise endlessly from the bottom bump into the angle. The missiles who lost their directions hitting the surrounding land, causing the binge and dust to cover the view.

"Huh ..."

There was a breath in the mouth. The frosted feet, which spreads on the feet of Yeoni, dyse the earth in a pale color.

Even in the dark clouds in the sky, even snow was flying. We were in the middle of winter.

"Hyuna! Are you okay? Where is the injury?

Yeon again confirmed my condition. Her eyes were shining exactly the same color as the snowy snow on the floor.

"It's okay. It's okay ..."

"thank god..."

After hearing the answer, Yeon sighed.

When the dust is lifted, the tragedy around is revealed. The women who surrounded us fell into the fragmented debris and fell down.

Soon they are crushed like dust.

And exactly the same number of women appeared over the shade and began to fill in their seats.

"are you okay."

"Kill as much as possible."

"Kill and kill again."

"We ... stop when it appears again."

A bad smile rang out. Yeon -yi, who blocked the front, stared again with a cold look.

The eyes of the witches were now toward Yeoni.

"I've heard. You are you?"

"The next generation strongest."

"This is the back of the year second."

"Regular like that bitch ..."

"But it's still less."

"I can't only see the birth of a regular who will stop the industry."

"then..."

"Kill here."

The same voice of the same voice became chorus everywhere. I bite my teeth to make a sound.

"Oh, Hyuna."

Yeon -yi turned his head and said.

"These. It's not just alter ego. Everyone feels the same sense. As all the original. Probably, if you don't kill them all at once, I'll play again as you just play again."

"then..."

"Never."

And he said as if he had penetrated my heart.

"I'm going to fight together? Never."

"It's a tricky opponent.

"If you already use magic, the crowd will be bigger. And if that happens ..."

Yeon -yi swallowed the end. But I could not guess what she was trying to say.

'You will also be more likely to die.'

I bite it. I felt bad.

Dear people are now risking their lives at this moment. But at best, I'm just running away with my strength.

The bones are more painful that their words cannot be rebutted.

"It's okay. My unique magic, you know what."

Yeony seemed to guess me by looking at me. She grabbed my hand as she was comfortable.

"This is my territory right now. I don't know to win, but at least I can do it at least."

"Yuna ..."

"I am now ... so happy."

Yeoni smiled a lot of distorted smiles. Her eyes were turned red.

"Finally, I was able to protect you ... finally I was able to pay the betrayal."

"It's a price! I told you. That's ...!"

"I know. You have given me mercy. But I can't forgive myself yet. So this is my fool."

"..."

"So go. Go ... overwhelm me."

Tears fell under the golden eyes. She was already determined.

I exchanged my eyes with Yeon -yi with a heavy sinking eyes. Then he shook his head and said small.

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVCLVBOOGFYBOOGFYBWVBIDWWWJQZPAKT5OHVWKHGK1LKM3T1D3C3T1D3T1D3T1D3VUPJQUG1AA

"...Sorry."

Yeony laughed instead of the answer. Then the determined light I turned to my eyes and faced the enemies.

I ran without delay with her back. And everywhere, the strong attack began to pour out.

-bang!! Quang !!

In the midst of bing and smoke, I didn't hurt my body. Running with all my strength, I faced something and stopped. The same alter ego was blocking me in front of me.

"Where to go."

"Those who have the power of the king ..."

"Kill here ... Keem !!"

And I was trying to listen to the blade. A huge ice pore place from the floor rose, piercing the hearts of the women.

The girls who are fluttering gradually lose their strength and stretch. Soon the body turned into a piece of light and was shattered.

Yeon shouted at me.

"Come on !!"

It was a strange look. I shed tears in my eyes and smiles at my mouth.

I bite teeth and ran back. To the end that is getting closer.

***

The ancient residence was like a complex maze. I led my body with only a sense of feeling that I felt like a milestone.

It moved quite a long distance so that the saturation and screams were faint. The sense of calling me also became more intense, and now it sounds like a voice.

Instinctively found. The nest is now in front of you.

It was around the end of the alley. I pulled out the blade because of the popularity of someone running next to the side.

It moved first before the square was visible. I stabbed my throat.

-Kaan !!

But a cheerful sound stops my movement. It was another blade to block my blade. And I can know its identity.

It was a blade that I won as a winner during the last social tournament. I gave someone a gift.

"uh?"

Embarrassed voice pops out of the opponent's lips. I then met with my opponent. She was also looking at me with a surprised expression.

"Jin -seo?"

At the end of the labyrinth, the golden hair fluttered.

******************************* Chapter 268 *******************************

The eyes of the embarrassed Jin Ye -seo are rebounded. She stumbled and quickly pushed the blade back to my neck.

"Hey. What are you doing suddenly."

"check."

A cool voice rings the ear.

"What is your check ... I'm a bit big? I'm busy."

"I can't go out. Before I check that it's a real Hyun. How do you know that the witch might have been disguised."

Jin -seo smiled and worked. The day of the tooth was sharp as if to change my neck. It's been a long time since her cold side.

"If you answer my question properly, I'll believe you are real."

"Now joke ..."

"First. What are the number of duels we've shared?"

Jin Ye -seo spoke as if he had no intention of hearing me. I had to hit the rhythm. Well, in fact, her procedure is not wrong.

"It was three times. The ranks were twice and the official duel once. All I won. You defeated it terribly."

"읏 ...!"

When I talk with my emotions, my face is red. The Jinseo, who was staring at me as he faltered, pushed the blade closer.

"Isn't it over?"

"... I might have picked it up. It's information that you can not find out about the duel."

"Appropriate ..."

"Then it's the second question. What is your underwear size?"

I grabbed the spirit to get a long time.

"Are you kidding now? How do I know your underwear size."

"Why? I don't know more?"

Jin -seo muttered casually.

"If you are a real string, you can never know it. He's tall every time he practiced a pacemaker every day.

"Don't shout on the big day. When did I touch your chest? How did you mistake me ..."

"It's suspicious to speak. Reply until three counts. Otherwise, I will turn it out and cut it into a fake. One, two ..."

Green eyes are more cold. I was rolling my head without knowing. It is a kind of knowledge that I have no idea at all. Far from touching, I don't know how to measure it.

As a result, I think my sisters told me what they said in the past ...

"three..."

"... e?"

I managed to answer with blurry knowledge and visual information. The saw blade stopped, but the eyes of the truth have turned colder.

"her?"

Was it bigger than that?

"Then F?"

"..."

It was the right answer. The bitter eyes were a bit soft. however Still, the truth was not laying down the blade.

"Hey. You want to do this."

"You might have been lucky. It's wrong once? That makes sense? I touched it all the time."

"..."

A little bit of a tribe opened his mouth. There was some heat on the face.

"Then the third problem. What did we spend the first night?"

"...what?"

"This time, I really have to answer properly. It's a problem that you can't hit if you are real."

The truth was firmly shot. I again stuttered a blurry memory.

First night? What the hell is you asking that question? I spent the night in the first place, and I was sleeping together.

"...ah."

Finally I remembered something. I carefully watched the truth and spit out the correct answer.

"Cheap Motel outside the first city."

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013MLN4CS9QA3PPNU9DEMXXU0JUBFIPTAIZY4UVBHPTAZY

And the color that cannot be hidden in the face of Jin -seo comes back. The blades of the neck were also losing expectations.

Jin -seo said in a completely soft voice.

"Okay. I just listened to it. Now it's the last problem."

"Still left ..."

"What do I like my favorite?"

"That is, of course, kite ..."

"..."

The coarse wind drove back to the released eyes. I eventually had to sigh and fix the answer.

"...me."

"Answer."

And as if it did, laughter blooms on the face of Jin -seo. She completely put down the enemy and came to the boundary.

"Real Hyun is right. I really thought the witch was disguise. I made a strange answer in the middle."

"The answer is strange ... The question was no longer. How do I know the size of your underwear? And when the touch was touched ..."

"Noisy. I know that if I do it."

"..."

"Let's go faster than that. What do you do? Don't guide you quickly."

The tribute that cut off the horse urged me with a chin. I sighed for a while.

***

We ran through the ruins. The truth, who was keeping the distance from one step, asked.

"There's no hurt?

"It's not."

"Yes? I'm glad ..."

After hearing the answer, the book sighs with relief. After hearing my body, everyone feels like protecting me with me.

I asked her as if you were turning the topic.

"This is How did you come? "

"I was attacked by a group of beasts while scouting the city center. The other reconnaissance tank added as I saw and moved only me."

The truth was so sweet.

"I thought you would go forward somehow. And I moved the binge to the milestone and came out here."

"Isn't faith too much? So if you were left alone ..."

"It's natural? Of course. In the end, my thoughts were right? I met you here."

The truth shrugged proudly. Then he looked back and asked.

"But what did others know? Seoyeon's sister ...

"... each person is dealing with a witch one by one. I'm trying to draw time until I destroy the nest ..."

I answered heavy. Jin -seo, who listened to me, also nodded his head.

She also realized the identity of the binge, like a faint echo from the back.

"...I see."

"Yeah. So hurry up. It's really short."

"Okay. I'll help you ...!"

And Jin -seo, who was trying to burn his former, nodded. Breathing and a huge pressure, like a huge pressure, crushes them everywhere. We were naked in a flat position on the floor.

-Kuung !!

"Well ...!"

The vertebrae and back were withstanding the weight. The lungs did not move with shrinking as if they had forgotten breathing.

"Cool ... What is this ...!"

Jin -seo said that the soft ball was crushed. I looked up and looked around. There was no change in the atmosphere around. There was no huge fireball or particle missile baptism.

The situation we face itself means someone's attack.

"I can't move my body ... Did you add gravity?"

"The answer."

And the answer came from the front. I only moved my head and looked at the source of the voice.

There was a woman who briefly trimmed his head in a muscular physique. Rather than a magic man, it is more like a classic warrior.

She walked calmly as if she was casual even in the pressure of crushing the air. And he looked down at us and said coldly.

"It's like a worm on the floor. Isn't it really weak. I can't even pressure this pressure."

"I'm weak ... Who ...!"

The truth raised up as if it were sticky. She takes a blade on the ground with her fluttering arms I was barely supporting my body.

"Hoo ... is it not a waste to use very much?"

At the moment of the witch's face, the surprise passed by. Conversely, the truth sent the mouth and laughed.

"Huh, hu ... I only needed time to adapt a little.

Jin Ye -seo intentionally strengthened the field surrounding the body to disperse the pressure on him. It is an art that is possible only when the overwhelming physical ability is supported.

The momentary bone is pine. At first glance, the sense of crisis seems to be passing by. When did he become so strong again? This may really be next.

"Huh ... hey.

And the truth about me looked down at me.

"Is it overwhelming?"

"..."

Something came up in the provocation of Jin Ye-seo. My body, a half wizard, has no fountain that stores particles, unlike others. Naturally, there are no fields of refined and remaining surplus particles.

But it was not something to complain. Instead, I spread the power near the heart. And as soon as the lungs that contracted unfolded, fresh air began to come in.

I looked around. The body has regained freedom, but unlike usual, the movement is sluggish.

I could see that the land within a few hundred meters of the radius was circular. The action of the power of gravity was so wide that it could not be covered by my blockade.

"... Heung. It's not fun ... Cool luck ...!"

-Kuuung !!

Seeing me that was getting up, Jin-seo was pouting-his lips. The huge pressure, just several times, crushed us.

And unlike me, who is protected by power, Jin-seo eventually vomited blood with his mouth.

"Jinseo! Is it okay? Come to my side soon!"

But Jin -seo shook his head silently. She took a posture without even a blade that supported her.

She seemed to feel something. The eyes of the witch who saw such a truth were more light than before.

"This is really great. A lot of indigenous creatures have already been torn and have a six -piece pressure."

"Huh ... I'm sorry. I'm not a bit of indigenous creatures ... Cool Luck, Cool Luck!"

In the midst of vomiting blood, he replied with strength. The witch's face also came from a dark interest.

After all, the witch who threw off the first arrogance shook his head and greeted him lightly.

"My name is Sirius. It's been a long time since I think I met the same warrior. If it's okay, why not share it with me? "

-Rejuri ...

There was a light along the hand of the witch named Sirius. Soon the blades made by hardening particles are held in that hand. The form was exactly the same as what the truth was holding.

"Ha, what?"

And Jin -seo made an expression of absurdity.

"It's not too unfair to say that it's a warrior?

"I also endure the pressure of the same weight as you too. My power is equally to anyone. There is no exception."

"..."

The truth, which saw a stately attitude, closed his mouth. She fell in mind for a while.

"... good. Let's try it."

And finally, the blood is built in the mouth of the truth where the blood is buried.

"It's good. I also needed an opponent to test the results.

But from the perspective of the third party, it was ridiculous. Although it is quite well endured with the gravity of crushing the body, it is true that it seems to be lacking compared to that witch.

Rather than testing the performance, it will be urgent to prevent the attack. We had to find ways to get out of this range.

"Tribunal. Stop the gear and come to my side quickly. First of all ..."

"Yes, male. You don't disturb now.

And it was a witch who shook me and drove me out. I was ridiculous.

"...what?"

******************************* Chapter 269 *******************************

"You're here to prevent me from going to the nest?"

"Originally it was. But I was interested."

The witch shrugged lightly. The gaze was toward the truth, standing firmly in the midst of crushing pressure.

"... I found something more fun."

The expression of the witch was unfamiliar. It's fun. That's ... Isn't it the word we've written.

Did you do the word fun in the mouth of a being that leads the destruction like a machine without any feelings?

Perhaps even the words that spit out that word are the tactics that disrupt us.

"..."

The thoughts were not easily organized. On the contrary, the witch who confirmed my momentum to face the mouth lightly raised the mouth.

It seems to be penetrating my questions.

"The thought is influenced by the body. And the craving in the body of the lower life is truly scary. We have been assimilated with it at any moment."

The witch muttered as he glanced at his body. In appearance, was the original owner of the body that emphasized a lot of good and physical training?

However, the will no longer remains. What is in that head is not a human brain, but Lee Hyung -jong, the body of the witch.

But for some reason, I couldn't feel a false figure in that voice.

"Well, it's just a short time. Now there's not a long time. At that time, this fleeting and unnecessary craving will return to nothing."

The witch muttered in vain stare again.

"So go, a male with the power of Polaris. I have to fill this thirst a little before that."

"... If the nest is broken, it will be craved and there will be no chance to fill it up."

I asked as if it were floating. It's the situation of those things, but I don't know, but I want to check the reaction.

"Anyway, you won't have to reach the nest. What can you do with that dying body?

And the witch listened to the questions.

"Well, let's take the power."

"This year's wear ..."

I didn't know it. The truth stopped as if it were in front of me and urged me.

"go."

The truth turned to me. I trembled. Following her eyes crushed by the pressure, red blood was flowing like tears.

"Hey. Your eyes ..."

"Go, so go."

Jin -seo was still calm. Like I was already determined.

As if she hesitated for a while I added a word.

"At this time, I'll pretend to be cool again. Let's imitate my sister and Minha."

"..."

I was forced to squeeze my heart with a bright smile. But this time I had only one thing I could do.

At the moment, hundreds of agony runs in the head. I eventually turned heavy feet. The witch also took a glance and didn't stop me at all.

And I was just trying to get out of the gravitational field. Finally, I turned my head and immediately met my eyes. It was clear that I was watching me all the time.

"... don't die. Never."

The truth opened his mouth in a voice mixed with a little bit of water and eagerness. How many times have you heard these words today? But I don't get used to it.

"My confession ... I can never die until I answer. Okay?"

"...okay."

"Never overdo it. If it's hard, you can run away. No one to say to you."

"That's a little hard ..."

"... I thought I would answer that way."

Jin Yeo wrote a bitter smile. I nodded heavily and jumped right away.

It is light as if the body is flying in the sky. On the contrary, the heart is still sticky to the ground.

-Kaan !! Cancan !!

In the square of the field of view, a sharp sound began to ring. The blade and the blade are facing each other.

How much can you hold on? It's a good idea, but the chance will be low. The witches were already adapting to their space perfectly. On the other hand, the truth was under pressure to shed tears from one eye.

"Ha, ha ...!"

The new breath of running rises to the bottom of the chin. Countless thoughts have been pushed like waves and then scattered.

The stubbornness alone would never have reached this place. I'm standing on two feet now is thanks to the help of a lot of people who helped me by sacrificing myself.

Those who have sent me to the cradle so that they can be connected with such people are in danger. And only me who will save them now.

"The general ... sisters ..."

As I reminded me of my missing faces, I stopped my lips.

"...uh?"

I embarrassedly looked around. The signal was definitely felt here. It is terribly dark enough to have a head.

But the place now was a large ruins of the middle of the city. The nest could not even find any traces of the witch. Filling this place is all kinds of scrap metal and nothing It is only the debris of the building.

"Where the hell ... Wait a minute."

And the idea of ​​acceleration was finally crazy at some point. Something-I feel bad about something. I stared at the floor with my eyes open. The grounds were split like ice.

'No way in the basement ...!'

-

I just realized something. The cracks of the cracks collapsed quickly, and the darkness of the non -low -lined man was revealed.

It was a huge reptile beast that appeared with the roar of the ground. It is a comparable body comparable to the height of the high -rise building, which is several times as much as the antennae snake in the perforation basin.

-Kuo !!

I took out the blade in the midst of a balance and crashing. And he ran over the fangs of the beast that rushed to me and ran to his head.

The trembling pupil stops and stares at me. Even the pupils were the size of processing to be comparable to my height.

I put my arms on my arms and chose the blade in the center of it.

The painful beast struggles hard. We crashed towards the basement as we were tangled.

-Kuuung !!

"Cool Luck, Cool Luck ...!"

I climbed up the beast that didn't even do it. As the soaring dust sank, the scenery of the embroidered basement began to be seen beyond the view of the darkness.

It was as high and wide as the city center unfolded above. Thanks to the weakened ground, light was soaked everywhere.

-A again, again ...

And you can hear the sound of a shoehoe that doesn't match the place. I immediately turned to the epicenter of the sound.

Finally, beyond the darkness, the existence showed me to me.

"It's been a long time, son."

And my heart fell down.

"mom...?"

The mother who appeared in reality, not a dream, was smiling at me. It is a face that I missed. I haven't forgotten only one day for the past two years.

But I immediately distorted my face. And he was blatantly sweared by beings who covered others' leather.

"This dog is like a year ..."

"Puzal ..."

And a mother's face distorted the muscles and smiled a strange smile. If you are a real mother, you will never build it.

"Ah, I'm sorry. I wanted to."

The rigorous laughter echoed along the tranquil cavity.

"But the expression was just good. But it's the same year ..."

Legurus, who stopped laughing, stares at me. As I was looking at my mother's face, I turned upside down.

I feel like I want to tear that year. "Isn't it too much for mom? Huh? Son."

"There's all the power like a star. Did you stab your manager with that power?"

"of course."

Chu-wook-The witch's face quickly changed the shape. Now it's a familiar face.

Seol Yujeong. The woman of the mischief who was once a leader and a witch.

"The human being is also incapable of relief. I can't forget a female for more than 15 years.

"It's like a coward. If it wasn't for that dirty masterpiece, you would have already penetrated the head."

"Oh? That's the wrong side."

Now, Legurus, who has a face of Snow Yu -jeong, was pleasant.

"Survival is a top priority for living things. For him, you should be able to do anything without any hesitation. Isn't your servant so? Huh?"

The witch approached me one step towards me. The mouth had a satisfactory smile all the time.

"Anyway, it's good. Thanks to you, I finally be able to regain the king's power. How did you move as expected ..."

"Who says."

I squeezed the blade tightly. The same is true for this. Anyway, other witches are caught by other power of the expedition.

If you have to deal with all of them, one -on -one has a chance. As you just saw, Legurus' power is not a battle but a specialized power.

Of course, considering the characteristics of the witch who uses unlimited particles, it will be a very difficult fight, but now this is the best way.

Of course, that was the witch's alter ego. The real will be melted into the nest somewhere in the basement.

As soon as possible, he organizes that bitch and finds it and rescues the generals and sisters.

"Where are the leaders and sisters?"

"You'll be somewhere in the dark behind me. If you want, you can find it as you want. Of course ..."

Sea-Witch who revealed it said.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013K0K0K0YKXRA01HWMHIA2ZJT0ZFUXVJTDM2M2M1H5RLK4UVNPUVNPUVNPUVNPAV

"I have to knock me down before that."

******************************* Chapter 270 *******************************

"I don't think so."

I lowered my posture as if I was running. Tension and excitement were raising me by wandering the blood vessels of the whole body.

Now the end was really in front of you. I decided to pour all the power that I saved. And the opponent had to do so.

It is not only us that we are at bay in the situation. Witches also needed the power I took. To attract their nests like this.

"Hmm ... the momentum is quite."

But I was immediately caught in a bizarre discomfort. Witches, Legurus's mouth was still engraved with a relaxed smile.

"That's better than your teacher.

I thought it would have a chance if I made a one -on -one situation at least one -on -one. Although we have confused us all the time with its unique wickedness, Legurus has no power to help combat directly, unlike other witches.

Such a weakness would be best known. But why are you relaxing? Bluffing? no. More than that ...

"Do you know?

And the witch was kindly speaking. As if I would look into my inside and solve my questions.

Legurus turned around as if dancing. It was softly illuminated by the one -piece dress that penetrated beyond the collapsed ground.

"This is actually the same place as a cemetery. Many people have a fleeting life here. Ancient residents, expeditions for the restoration of Koto, bounty hunters who are aiming for beasts, miners, criminals ..."

As you sing, the melody was a voice. I tried not to listen to it. In some ways, there were many works to be attracted.

But the discomfort still does not disappear. My instinct was constantly sending a dangerous signal. The intuition of the unconscious was feeling beyond the cognitive realm.

Soon the nerves that have been sensitively capture something.

-Sushuk, thread.

Obviously, there was a lot of signs of underground cavity.

Beyond the darkness, the floor of the soil is shaken. Soon, the arms and legs, which were bare bones, sprouted like plants.

"Uh, huh ..."

"Oh ... ah ..."

And thousands of corpse corpses appear.

In the underground cavity of maintaining perfect constant temperature, they kept them almost as they were. I didn't feel a handful of moan.

-Dalm, Dalk.

When I found something, I opened my eyes. Compared to others, the bodies seemed to be vividly seen here and there. It is the identification code of this expedition that is engraved on a broken and distorted room.

Seeing them, I found out that the outside situation was not so good. It's some of the bodies, but I've already reached here.

"I have to go home, I have to go home ..."

"My wife is waiting ... Daughter ..."

"If you listen to my major ... you'll be happy ..."

The vocal cords that are not yet rotten were spitting out the voices of their lifetime. Of course, it's just an echo of an empty body.

It was a fact that I knew well. On their palms, there was a shameful particle form from the memory of his life, and the target was obviously me.

Human body, large and small beasts. Thousands of corpse piles are fluttering and filling up. Even the huge beasts who had just killed me and were staring at me again.

In any case, I was in the middle of the enemy.

"you...!"

"Fuh, Puhahaha ...!"

A pleasantly ringing smile buries my voice. The witch, who grabbed a boat and smiled, pretended to steal tears.

"Why? Do you expect a fair confrontation? Huh?

There is a mocking ridicule through the chorus of the crushed bodies.

"The blockade is the power of the power. But what you can show is that the thermalization is less than that.

The witch stroked the giant beast next to him like a lovely dog.

"And the time you can hold the magic in it is only a few minutes. You're already dying?

Soon I had a bad smile on the face.

"Can you reach me through these bodies for only a few minutes?"

I bite my teeth enough to bleed. The witch has no intention of dealing with me. I just watched my sleep until my strength fell, and I would eat only the fruit of the Hola Party.

I quickly accelerated the accident. To find the best way in this situation.

escape? It is impossible. If the managers and sisters are one step, they are at a distance.

Should I take time waiting for support? It's hard. Rather, as time goes by, we are the disadvantage. My strength has time limit and each witch Because the power is far more than those who deal with them.

In the end, it was not from the beginning. Thinking so, I feel a little easier.

Isn't it something you have in mind anyway? There is no change.

I have to do it.

I lifted this blade. The witch grasped as if the witch signaled.

"Where can you see that fleeting dance?"

"Uh, uh ...!"

"Kyya ...!"

The sound of a ferocious beast sounded loudly. Four -footed bodies came out fiercely and narrowed the streets.

"... hu."

I stretched the opposite arm with the blade into the air. On the palm of the palm, a delicate multi -layered complex magical magic was instantly engraved.

The most powerful power I can show now. Class 7 in prediction.

The particles melted throughout the atmosphere are squeezed through the palms. Soon after, an unacceptable force to be mistaken for the feeling of liberation swelled between the muscle cells.

"Ugh ...!"

And what's going on is extreme pain close to torture. I bite the teeth in the sense of peeling off my skin alive. My body, which reached its limitations, was refusing to accept the magic grace.

But I have no choice but to endure.

"Kya Ah !!"

A corpse that runs like a bouncing aims at my head. I picked up the blade and squeezed it in the middle of the brow. And he stepped on the back of the body and jumped into the middle of the wave.

The attention of the guys who were focused on the front changes in an instant. I wielded the blade backwards without the time they react.

-Quang!

The radius of tens of times the original blade is swept away as if it were a tsunamis. Originally, the forecasting plan is a circulatory magic that exerts powerful power in interpersonal battles. Although he explodes his body, he does not have the power to sweep the area like a range magic. Now he has just used the condensed power to imitate.

Suddenly, some thoughts pass their heads. Even if there was only one compassion or one of them, this number would have been summarized in a few seconds.

... Is it part of the plot built by the witch?

I frowned at the scene after the dust was lifted. The bodies were crawling, scratching my nails towards me even when my head was flew and my limbs were cut off.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013EMEVLCBMBMBMBMBMBMB0NZYUR4S28ytm9psjzxrhflytz2k2k2k2k2k2kznmzrn1B2TW

They are already dead. It was impossible to disable enough to hit the heart or brain. The conclusion is ... It means that you have to cut the ball one by one.

-There is a long time ...

I bite my teeth hard enough to gold. And I wielded the blade without a break in the wave of the body narrowed towards me.

There was no need to deal with them. If you only get rid of things that block the road, you can stop. If you kill the witch, you will naturally return to the original form.

Yes, but in the first place, it is so much head. I had to cut a lot of bodies to add a few steps to add a few steps.

"Kyaak !!"

Like the beast, the chin was blown away. Those who lost human dignity were using the whole body as a weapon.

-Shus!

With the sound of the wind, the magic that aimed at my head was flew from a distance. Rolling the body and avoiding it immediately over the head.

"Kya Ah !!"

The beast's body with half a face was spreading tattered snout towards me. I did not avoid it, and I set the day and put a huge body.

-Kuung!

The cut in half falls to the side and does not move. My body was covered with rotten blood and pieces of flesh. The smell has been paralyzed because the odor stabs the nose.

"Ha, ha ...!"

The pain of hanging on the body was gradually adding intensity. Is it already powerful? It's weak. Only then who will save someone.

"Kyaak !!"

"Mind ... dress up !!"

I ripped the body of the body that shouted as if we were determined. I looked around with a little clearer spirit.

In any case, I was penetrating the body's tent. The face of the witch, which seemed faint with a distant foot, was also clearer.

Even the unlucky smile on that face.

-New!

-Quang!

And a sharp attack that was not comparable to the bodies just flooded. I instinctively stretched my arms and turned my body.

And he muttered in the face of a bad man who was revealed in front of him.

"heartbreak...?"

"..."

The pupils made of flesh and rotten blood look at me. no. This is not a leader. Even though it is bad, it is just something that is immediately imitated.

"Did you imitate the enemy. How about?

And the voice of a fun witch resonates again.

"The interpretation is not complete yet, but it's perfect for this nightlife."

"...!"

There were five flesh -like bumps that resembled the leader and surrounded me everywhere.

The first nursery rhymes have disappeared It is. What filled my head was coldly cold.

And the flesh bumps narrow the streets at once. I first blown up a guy's head. Then a piece of blade passed through the left wrist.

"This ... this ..."

I turned my body and cut off my second flesh. And I cut off the waist of two guys from the back at once.

"This is not a general manager !!"

-Prom!

I only left my upper body, and I stepped on my head and burst like a fruit. All that was left was one of the flesh that stands in front of me. It's a long time, but just looking at it, the pain has flocked.

-Wedge!

I sculpted the rushing guy exactly. Everything happened in just a few seconds.

"Ha, ha ...!"

The vomiting comes up and the chills are soaked all over the body. I tried to ignore the signal and turn my head.

There is nothing that blocks between me and the witch. For the first time in the eyes of seeing me, I had some fluctuations.

"... amazing."

I no longer reached out and left my seat straight. The slow flowing view narrowed the distance as if it were folded quickly.

There is no single step left now. If you stretched your arms, you could break that head and tear your limbs. Doesn't it mean much, not the body? anyway.

But the bizarre discomfort of the earlier wraps my body again. It was not a feeling of fear or anger that filled that vivid face.

It's arrogant and twisted that only the winner can take it.

The blade is gradually heading for that white neckline. Even though it is soaked in blood and oil, one neck can be cut off as if it were divided into air.

And finally, I was trying to squeeze that arrogant with my arms.

The witch, who was looking at me calmly, whispered with a very small lips.

"It's time to wake up from dreams."

-Tangag!

The view is upside down in an instant. The sound of the blade rolling the floor rangs loudly.

"... cool luck."

I spit out my neck-blood. The blood tears that flowed down on both eyes dripping down to the floor on the end of the mask.

After losing my driving force, I sat down there. The great power that had just filled the body was not even comfortable.

There was only one thought of filling my head. The time given to me was over forever.

Too ... vain.

******************************* Chapter 271 *******************************

"Cough."

I'm heavy. The vision was all over the red and lined limbs.

In other words, it is perfect for the loser.

"I'll admit it."

Witch's voice is heard over the red view. Unlike me, the winner's room was overwhelming.

"It was a lot more than I thought. There was not enough corpse corps, so I didn't know that even the replicas of the enemy would penetrate so easily. Even with that dying body ..."

"Cool, cool luck."

I was also busy to pour blood rather than replacing. My body is collapsing from my affairs. Timicity, sense of smell, and all senses are blurry. The vitality of the vitality was gradually stopping its function.

It's hard. I heard the footsteps coming towards me. It was perfect.

"This is my return. I gave you a good look."

And with a sense of falling, a soft palm was placed on the hair.

"You're going to die alone too. I tried so much. But ... Wouldn't it be comforting to see this?"

Radish is a natural right of the winner. And now there is no power to stop it.

The color in front of you is bright again. Through the touch of the hands, a large amount of visual information began to pour into the brain.

All the situation that just passed by has been stretched like a panoramic. And this was a reality that is happening now, not the reconstruction of the last memory.

And only the only despair seen through the eyes of the witches.

-The front barrier is broken! Anymore ...!

-There is no troop to block the side! Support ...!

-Save, save me ...!

There was still a blood clot on the outside of the city. The giant beasts barely knocked down, but the rest of the crew could not overcome the beasts and the witch's strong attack.

The surroundings were all the mountains of the body. It was several times more people who died and injured than the gender. I moved slowly in the middle of that. And I looked down at someone with an arrogant gaze.

-Hah, ha ... like this ...

Even the black grave, the commander, was bleeding from the wound with one arm lined up.

It was a moment of her appearance. The view is blurred and rotates quickly.

-hey! Don't meet your eyes !!

-no!

One of the circles who met with me was hard like a stone. The surrounding area was already overflowing with similar forms of statues.

I didn't look back and flew kicked. Someone who was running is crushed and flies to the wall.

It was gradually revealing over the dust. Stretched Lynn and one person did not move. Changdae in his hand broke in half and could no longer be used.

-hey! Ryu Seung Heon! Wake up!

He again evoked attention to the swearing distance of him. There was also one of the ridders who are struggling to maintain a tattered barrier.

I created hundreds of particle decisions over my hand and sent it as it was. Finally, the particle barrier is oxidized with a loud sound that seems to be broken.

Choi Woo -jin, who saw the scene, had a depressed smile.

-This fertilization.

The vision changed again. I was looking down at someone, standing on a moving huge trees.

-This pest is like a year.

And a cursed swear word popped out of my mouth. I was breathing out of my breath. The giants of the fire that she controlled were already seen.

My eyes shine on her eyes. The witch wearing glasses was staring at compassion with creepy eyes.

-Do you know how much our children were injured because of you?

-Hah, ha ...

The compassion having breathe hardly spit out.

-whatever.

-What is it? If you have sinned, you should be punished.

My mouth is engraved with a twisted smile.

-I will plant seeds in all holes in your body. Feel the pain of being rooted alive somewhere.

-In crazy ... year ...

Lastly, the vision rotates again. I was in the middle of the ice.

And in the middle of that, I talked to a black hair woman.

-You said.

-You can't beat us.

-Unless you kill everyone at once.

-How do you stop giving up now?

-shut up!!

Yeon -yi, who exhales his short breath, shoots the ice places towards me. The moment I felt the exhilarating pain in my head, my view changed. As a shadow, I stood in the square right behind Yeoni.

Urge.

-Ah ...!

She felt quickly, but she quickly turned, but her shoulders were already pierced. The fatal injury was no longer able to hold it and sat down. Dozens of again, I was surrounding her.

The lips were so great that the lips whispered.

-Hyuna ...

Once again, the vision moves. I was looking down at a blonde woman on the floor.

-It was quite interesting.

I looked down at the truth that I couldn't move.

-If you had been in time for a few years, you might have reversed. But there is still a lack of mature. It's a pity.

-Cool Luck, Cool Luck ...!

Jinseo Black blood was vomited with mouth. The blood flowed down from her body, crushed by pressure.

I raised my hand to smelate the particle crystals in a blade shape. Then I approached the true book and lifted my arm.

-Well, let's send it comfortably.

Soon the view is red again. The dizzy screams were wandering in the head.

-Save me ... please ...!

How long should I endure? The news is ...!

-It's wrong ...! Now hope ...

-iced coffee...!

"Cool luck, big black ... like a dog like this ..."

I barely spit out swearing. At the bedside, I heard a ridiculous ridicule and soon got away.

"How do you feel a bit comfortable? It's good. It's all together.

"shut up."

"Don't be so sad. Anyway, it's a life that can't be dusty before the order of the huge universe. You can know when you become one with us. We are watching inside. How do we get this land in the future."

"Huhu, who, heart, ..."

"Anyway, my bet is my victory. It was really breathtaking. Hazards almost lost the king's power."

Wood deuk, the sound of condensation of the particles in the air was heard. Perhaps you have made particle missiles.

"You won't hurt so much. You need to stab your heart at once to extract perfect power."

Far away footprints were getting closer. I could feel intuition. My last is in wood.

-Heavenly ...

The sharp particle blade was being made in the hands of the witch. As if the witch is lovely, the blade comes to mind.

Finally, the last sentence towards me falls.

"Then, it's good."

A sharp blade is shot like a shot. I recalled the past days in the slow time.

In conclusion, I failed. He could not save the leader and sisters and killed the witches.

I was overwhelmed by the moment, but in the end, it was in place.

I was still the same two years ago. In a pathetic and miserable days that both families, friends, and lovers were not protected.

Was it a story that was unlikely from the beginning?

Then ... rather this may be a suitable ending.

Thinking so, I closed my eyes.

-Quang!

"먀!"

A flashing light with a binge is spread over the view. But I did not die or felt the pain penetrated.

I opened my eyes again. And he stared at something with hardened.

In front of the eyes What was seen was a small cat that was not moved while stretched.

"uh...?"

The brain, which was floating at the border between reality and death, regains the earth. I stuttered and went as if I was crawling. And carefully lifted up a small cat.

"Why, why are you here ..."

"먕 ..."

Like the answer, I heard a powerless cry. Now I look at me with a trembling eye with a peanut creature.

The feeling of despair filled my head. I remembered the expeditions who talked about cat footprints. No way ...

"no..."

I didn't have to find out why I followed. It was only a blind worry about me that shine on small eyes like fruit.

"No, no ..."

The pulse was becoming fading. The only thing that remains in this little creature should be a light. No power remained except for the talent that crosses people and cats and some particle sensitivity.

In return for saving life, I gave me all my own power, including power and magic.

And in the meantime, I threw my body on behalf of me.

"It's ridiculous."

A voice full of embarrassment is heard. Regulus also seemed to notice the identity of a small cat.

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVDUDUDUDUDUDUDUDUDUDUDUNVEIMPZUUUXKDW5SODFEEUIUI0WG1EM2MWR29EVZQRKHL0HZW

"Polaris ...! It's not dead ...? Then that power ..."

The embarrassment of the witch soon spreads to anger like paint. It wasn't important for me. The pain was sinning to my heart. My heart hurts more.

The head cooled down coldly. Another precious being sacrificed himself. Only in this situation was possible to face the reality correctly.

"What are you doing now? Why, why our king ..."

I said there was no hope in my mouth, but I was hoping for it.

In fact, I wanted to live somehow. I saved the general managers and sisters and hoped to have a happy life forever with everyone.

"I'm a pet of a lower life ... alternative, how the hell ...!"

So it wasn't. It was a very soft idea. Are you thinking about it while dealing with these powerful enemies. It is a mind that is wrong. In that way, it's just a lot of money, rather than keeping others.

like this.

"It's ridiculous, dare to dare to be such a terrible ..."

I could definitely know. What I need now is not a hopeful heart Be prepared.

Being prepared to do everything to keep the precious things.

"How dare you ... !!"

Even if the firewood is myself.

"That shame to us !!"

I can hear the sound of evil. Hundreds of particle blades wandered in front of me, sitting down with a small cat.

Legulus, who was distorted by anger, shouted.

"asleep!!"

Wedge fluid !! The sound of the blades rang out as if it were torn. I did not respond. I just closed my eyes.

The head is clearer than ever. Only then did I finally find the way.

I opened my eyes again. And I stared at the flying blades without avoiding it.

Finally, the overwhelming golden wave spreads around me.

It was a huge wave that remained after the underground cavity was filled. The golden waves are fiercely watered as if they are going to reach the end of the world. I couldn't see the end of the end.

Hundreds of sharp particles blade loses their momentum and breaks down. It filled the view like the eyes pouring out the glittering particles.

"Words, it's ridiculous ...! How ...!"

Legurus lost its momentum and stepped back. I wrote a child, but there was no magic in that hand. I opened the streets with me for a while, but it was useless.

Now the whole land is my space.

******************************* Chapter 272 *******************************

I just got up. As if it did, the view is clear and the body is light as if it is flying. For a moment, I felt like a wealthy feeling that floated and floated.

"This is ..."

The golden waves were around the center around me. I could immediately see that this waves, which are invisible, are the original blockade.

The true power that I realized only after being driven at the edge of the cliff.

I first looked at the small cat in my arms. The breathing was light and the pulse was not caught.

"..."

I took the palms and stroked them gently as if they wrapped the body of a cat. The full particles that were injected with him were restoring the raw body of the tender body at a high speed.

Soon, the long is heard a comfortable breath. I felt relieved and put down a small cat on a boarding place. And I prayed two things.

I hope this child will have a good dream. And ... don't be too sad to wake up.

Only then did I turn around.

"I'm sorry. Let me wait for a long time."

"Uh, how ..."

What was in front of you was an ugly beauty that walked back and walked back. The trembling eyes contained only fear. The arrogant attitude of the arrogant was not visible.

"It's impossible ... How to do the body of the lower life ... the authority of the original ..."

Now it's a bit unfortunate that I think that is the last one.

It was not so difficult to catch up with the opponent who lost the previous one. As I walked slowly, I kicked the belly of Leggulus.

It was time to solve the old resentment.

"What are you doing now ... huh ...!"

The witch on the floor rolled up with a painful scream. When I was looking at him, my full satisfaction penetrated into my body.

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVDNMEHHHDK9gundbauh4qqQuiytnTSKLYTSKLYUXBVQZOZLDNCFPKVUH4TW

-Prom!

"Huh ...!"

"I thought I would throw away my body right away. It's surprising. Oh, isn't it?

"Persimmon, I can't get rid of that dirty foot right now ... huh!"

When I kicked the lower abdomen again, I heard a painful scream. It is also good that you do not need to control your strength. It was impossible in the cradle.

"I should have lost more last time. At that time, Jena's body."

"Cheeky ... nominated ...!"

"It's okay. You can do what you did today. Do you think so?"

"Huh, huh ..."

"This teeth."

I was indiscriminately kicking. Intermittent The screams were as sweet as symphony.

-Woode, wood!

"Ugh play ... broken ...!"

The sound of broken bones and gonads was entangled to dizzy. I trampled and kicked many times. He focused on controlling strength and paining more detailed than usual.

"Uh, uh ... uh ..."

How long have you been? I haven't even screamed now. Legurus couldn't speak properly because of his jaw and teeth. The two eyes were pushed out.

Are you not able to show your witch's unique regeneration? It's just a bit unfortunate for me. You can't suffer pain if you kick the area that has already been crushed.

"Huhu."

"Oh, uh ..."

I put my feet on the witch's head and crushed it. The limbs that are hard without power are no threat to me.

To solve the grudge is here. There is something more important to me. This strange time is only a waste of time.

"Ugh, tear, ug play ...!"

-Proy !!

Every time I give strength, weird moans also have a bigger groan. Soon after the sound of watermelon bursting, the tranquility fell as if it was around.

And in a completely broken body, something that looks like a transparent smoke pops out. It disappears into the deep darkness of the underground cavity that does not reach light.

I followed it on the streets.

-Founding, pounding ...

And the regular sounds that sound like a pulse began to be faint. On the wall, the dark red blood line spread, and there was a disgusting space covered with pink mucosa and flesh.

"This is ... nest?"

I saw a piece of flesh on the jagged wall like breathing, and I frowned at disgust.

-The pounding, kung, kung, kung ...!

As I entered the inside, the sound of the heart beating was even worse. I could soon reach the source.

On the floor, flesh was laid like a board -lined carpet. In the middle of the spacious space, I saw a fountain -like organism structure. There was a minor difference that blood was falling instead of water.

The blood vessels widely spread along the wall were gathered around the fountain. I approached that. Something surrounded by a wet mucous membrane was blowing up the stretched blood.

The nucleus of the nest.

And the body of Legurus.

"this..."

I walked forward of the nucleus that looked like a heart. The interior of the nucleus was fluctuating.

I forcibly ripped the wet mucous membranes around me. Then soon A bizarre organism that looks like an immature embryo appeared.

I pulled the blade as it was. And the embryos are harder. Like begging not to do that.

Looking down at that pathetic shape, I fell in mind for a while. Village raids, black horses' raids, enrollment of the power, and the cradle of the cradle, and the events afterwards. And finally coming here.

In retrospect, there was always a witch in my life. If it weren't for these, I would have been the village of the periphery forever. Family, and friends. I enjoy happiness forever with everyone.

But he would not have met the leader and sisters, and he would not have seen a bigger world. There was nothing to suit the principal's peacock, and there would have been no fight to kill with Jin -seo.

And I wouldn't have met my compassion.

For me now, all of that is precious memories. Of course, I don't want to be grateful to the witches.

There is only one idea that fills my head.

Finally, it was time to break up a tough badness.

"Well, go well."

-Fu!

"Kiik !!!

The witch's peculiar screams loudly. I didn't care about it and teared the embryos delicately and focused on erections.

"Kiik ... jang ..."

And the screams quickly fell. The witch's body was surprisingly weak.

It is a very vain end for what was so strong. It's a lower life, but it's a lot of life, but eventually they were just one life.

But I didn't even think someone would reach this place and aim for them.

"Huh ..."

Then I sighed and I looked around. The golden waves that fluttered around me were also fading. The blood and flesh of the nest that lost the nucleus were also disappearing at a high speed.

And I have the last thing to do here.

I was able to find a space where dozens of huge films were hanging. When I teared a few, the body of the bizarre life, who did not know whether it was a person or a beast, rolled down.

The appearance is similar to the bizarre beasts seen in the first city. Perhaps it was doing the biological experiment that Betelus was doing here.

My heart became a little urgent. I wonder if the general managers and sisters have already been that way.

The words of the witch are hardly unbelievable ...

"Huh, hu."

I found all of the film's film torn and found them.

And about 30 films were torn. Finally, I could find what I wanted.

"ah...!"

I was lightly elastic.

It looks like a nervous character, and roughly trimmed hair.

I saw a missing face asleep in a pocket full of unidentified liquids.

"heartbreak..."

I immediately took him out of the liquid. The seat of one arm was empty, but the other place is fine. There is certainly a pulse and breathing.

Only then did you feel relieved. I was thirsty because of my feelings. I only broke up for a few months, but I was overflowing as if I had never seen it for decades.

If you take it out like this, you can definitely recover. Except for one problem.

"... but why is it naked?"

I grumbled lightly. The general manager was welcoming, but not. And there is a bigger problem.

If the leader is in this state, his sisters ...?

"..."

I hurriedly looked around. Fortunately, I was able to find a few pieces of clothes like a piece of cloth. It may be the ones who died earlier, but now it is not a situation.

I chose the right thing and put it on the leader. Then he torn the remaining film and found his sisters and repeated the same thing exactly three times.

"Sisters ..."

Thinking of my sisters, I avoided my eyes as much as possible. You won't be confused with this. If you think about the nature of your sisters, you might be a chance to make fun of me ...

"Sehwa sister ... it was, Chae -won's sister ...

Sisters were also sleeping and breathing out. Unlike the general manager, the limbs were all fine.

So I said the witch was interpreted or doing something. I also fought with the head of the general manager.

Did you keep it as original as possible? Anyway, it's fortunate for me.

I put them out and came out. Already, the flesh and blood vessels of the nest were so squat that could only be recognized. Living bodies have long been restored.

If you kill witches with this, you won't be able to resurrect.

I finally found a small cat and put it in my arms. And they went up to the ground with all of them.

I found the right rock and put down the generals, sisters, and small cats. I looked up and looked at the sky for a while.

"ah..."

And in the dazzling sunlight, I screamed a small elasticity.

The golden waves were not scattered. Which sky without a cloud It was clearer than time. The breeze blows pleasantly, and the messy bird sounds sweetly.

The world was as peaceful as if it did. Just because the struggle just feels like a lie.

-dump.

And without any precursors, I lost a balance and fell to the floor.

I sat down and headed towards the leg.

-Pas ...

My body was broken like sand. The half of the left ankle had no shape. The scattered and scattered particles were sparkled in the sun.

"..."

I looked at it. Even beyond the limits of the body, the price has finally come.

No nursery rhyme happened in the mind. I have already done everything and what can be?

Yes, it's really over.

***

"Which?"

"Obviously in the direction ..."

Four women were busy walking. He was seriously injured, but he was a clear winner of this fight.

But instead of the joy of victory, it was only full of sort of earnest and irritability.

"Huh, huh ..."

The black grave, which was gasping for breathing, muttered.

"What was that gold wavy?"

She remembered the golden waves that had reached at the moment of desperation. It was pleasantly wrapped around and quickly restored their floating fountains. And on the contrary, the beasts were scared and ran away, and the twin witches were astonished and hardened and could not even use magic.

As an experienced soldier, she succeeded in overturning the game without missing the gap. She immediately picked up the witch's head and urgently entered the city, leaving the apprentice to the deputy. And I met three girls heading somewhere.

They also turned the defeat and killed the witches with the help of the golden wave.

"... it's definitely the power of Hyun."

White Seoyeon muttered. Her face was nervous.

******************************* Chapter 273 *******************************

"But the range wasn't so wide ... what the hell ..."

"... ominous."

I received the words of Baek Seo -yeon in an annoying voice. She chewed her lips and she was in front of her.

"Hey, yellow hair. Can't you go a little quickly? How much do you have to go."

"... I'll have to go a little more in the future.

The tribute to the title of calling himself sighed. It wasn't important now.

"Uh, maybe he has recovered his body ...?"

The fact that he looked back at the group spit out a little trembling voice.

"So I have returned to the original ... may you have grabbed a witch and digs out the way ...?"

It was also a horse that reassured themselves. Obviously, even though he had a miracle victory, her heart was still thumping and adding anxiety.

"Wait a minute, in front of me ...!"

And the compassion having discovered something far from the distance woke up. Baek Seo -yeon urgently shouted someone's name.

"Hyuna !!"

It was certainly a masked boy who leaned on a large rock.

I want to be a corpse.

The boy who recognized them also turns his head and shakes his hands. The reaction was immediate and the movement was soft. First of all, there was no noticeable blood or trauma.

At the same time, the laughter of relief blossomed in the face of the party that confirmed the facts. They were busy with someone.

"You, you ... slowly ... Ugh."

Except for the most seriously injured black graves.

'Live ...!'

The best of the best status was the cheerful. She ran as if she had forgotten the pain and pain gained from the previous confrontation.

"That bitch dare to ...!"

"..."

I felt a swear word and a cold gaze toward her, but I didn't care about the truth. She was wearing a child in order not to have a smile.

The boy was in front of her nose.

"Hey! I was surprised! If you are alive, you should say that you are alive ... uh?"

And in a pleasant voice, Jin -seo was trying to bruise him. She could only recognize the identity of the discomfort.

-Shoya ...

Something that looks like a flowing sand was completely covering the boy's lower body. In fact, the expression of covering was not very appropriate.

Somewhere was the sand continuously flowing, but it was too shallow to say that it was covering the lower body.

Rather, it feels like the sand is replacing the disappeared lower body It was.

"Uh, uh ...?"

Soon Soon's anxiety hit her heart again. The joy of being cold was exactly the sorrow of the same size.

-dump.

His arms, who are glad to say hello, fall down.

Soon, the sand, which was covering his lower body in his arm, began to pour out. The end of the finger has already been lost.

"This, this is ..."

Jin -seo desperately shook his head. Her brain had already been rational, but Jin -seo was refusing to think. Like a machine even if it is broken.

"This, why is this ..."

"You! Yellow hair !! What is this now ..."

White Seo -yeon and Compassion are behind the scenes.

And even in their eyes, who were staring at the truth, the light of the nursery rhyme began to rise.

"Ah, ah ..."

The desperate groan of compassion sitting vomited as if it was a boiling groan. Baek Seo -yeon hardened her mouth and hardened like a stone statue.

-Heavenly ...

The old and scratched mask was cracking vertically. His mask, which is like an alter ego, has long been accumulating overloading more than durability.

-Tuk.

And finally, with a cheerful sound, it breaks down. The broken mask dropped his body into the grass.

Behind it was the face of a boy who was a handsome boy. He did not tremble or avoid gray eyes.

He just greeted the three people who were looking at him with a little smile.

"...hi."

***

Silent silence fell around. The boy who greeted him turned his eyes and looked around him.

And as if it were difficult, he scratched his mouth with the remaining hands.

Subsequently, the black grave, which was gasping, was lately appear in front of them.

"Uh, go a little slow ..."

The grumbled black grave stops the movement. Lee Hyun, who saw her, greeted him lightly.

"Black tomb."

"...boy."

The black grave was stupid and looked at him. Soon she noticed the situation and a bitter smile was built.

"... That's it."

"Yes. That's it."

"What, are you not very handsome. Huh? Did you hide that face all the time? It's a waste."

"I'm sorry. I had a situation in my own way."

"Fuchs, it was like a matter of anyone. I did well.

"Is it a compliment?"

"Of course, praise. This is just a glass taste ..."

She shrugged her shoulders and jokes The black grave, which was exchanged, blurred the horsetail.

"It's useless now?"

"... what, that's right."

With the silence of downs, the breeze passed through them. The sand accumulated around the boy was a small garden.

But he was still smiling as if he was sorry for his mouth.

"Black tomb. Can I just give you one?"

"ask?"

"Yes. The generals and sisters are behind that rock. There was nothing wrong with the signs of life.

"Gear saved them. Okay. I will take care of it."

"Thank you. And ..."

The black grave nodded. The boy was still cloudy as if he had something to say.

"... I want you to tell my story instead. By the time the general and sisters wake up, I will not be in the world already. Is it possible?"

"Well, that's a bit difficult. I used to confess to that man before. It's not easy to talk after that ...."

The boy opened his eyes at the end of the black grave.

"Is it really? I didn't know that it was so unique."

"I hear that often. Well, so I can't get married until this age."

The boy who saw the black grave who changed his words laughed silently. The black grave who saw him shrugged and said.

"Anyway, I know. It's the last wish, but I have to listen to that. Can I get it right now? The boy still has more work ..."

She said, looking at the boys and women around him.

"Yes. Please."

"Okay. Then I'll go there. And ..."

The black grave was trying to prepare for the last greeting. She stopped for a while and hesitated.

"... I suffered, boy. Now I can relax."

"thank you."

The boy laughed brightly. The black grave with a bitter smile was far away and he looked back.

"Well, it's like that ... Would it be hard to go to the extent?"

"..."

-Shoya ...

The sand pillars wrapped around the lower body were gradually riding on his waist. One arm that was drooping was no longer left. Only the collar without the contents fluttered along the breeze.

He opened his mouth with a blonde girl who was hanging tears.

"Jinseo."

"..."

"I'm sorry. I can't do Dalian now."

"Huh, stupid ... what's important now ...!"

The crying truth The book finally shouted with resentment in a bite -filled voice.

"Word, don't say ... Faster than that ... Medical soldier ..."

"You know it's useless."

"Huh ..."

"You're much better than you think. If you remember what I told you, there's no absolute quality in the pre -priority or duel. So ... so ...."

The boy added as if he was joking.

"Unfortunately, I will yield to the senior graduation.

"I don't need it! Senior graduation and I don't need anything !!"

The true book shook his head as if he rejected him.

"Why don't you understand that ... Why ...! Just kill you, but you want to not say ... Black ..."

The boy was crying and smiled.

"Days in the first city, Dalians divided in the cradle every day, studying in the library ..."

Then I opened my mouth in a loud voice as if I was trying to appease her.

"Yes, I was able to have fun every day. I was saved."

"..."

"... I will never forget."

"ah..."

The eyes of the green light that saw a bright smile were rounded. The truth, who dropped his head to the floor, swallowed silently. The raindrops were still falling on the floor.

The boy looking at the water -shaped book turned his head. And he turned to the shaking white Seoyeon.

She didn't even need tears. There was a deeper and darker despair.

"Yuna."

"no."

White Seo Yeon shook his head in a distracted voice.

"This is ... no."

"..."

"Barely, I only met again ... I barely reconciled ... how, how ..."

"Sua, I'm here now."

"what...?"

Baek Seo -yeon woke up at the boy's words. Lee Hyun shook his head and laughed.

"I'm sleeping behind that rock now. I think the gear ran away from the principal and followed us."

"Sua ..."

"Oh ... who is so stubborn and so stubborn ... I think my daughter is right."

"..."

Lee Hyun, who had a bitter smile, said.

"But thanks to that child, I could get a chance to counterattack. Sua ... we all saved us."

"ah..."

Baek Seo -yeon barely shut down his lips. All of us he says did not include himself.

"Please take care of it in the future. When you wake up, tell my story."

"..."

"If you look like me, it will be a little hard because your personality will be half -out, but Still, you will be able to educate you well. Like I told me the world before, to Sua ... "

"...uh."

"huh?"

"no...!"

Baek Seo -yeon shook his head as if he struggled. She has been for the first time since she has lived.

"Oh, how do you raise it alone without dad ... I don't like it ... I can't ... I can't ...!"

"Yuna ..."

"Responsible ... If you have made a single mother who hasn't married ... is responsible ...!"

"..."

"So, so get up quickly ..."

Baek Seo -yeon's head drooped without power. Suddenly, warm warmth was reduced over her hand.

Seo Yeon with a stupid eye headed forward. The boy was smiling with her hands together.

"Don't blame yourself."

"Hyuna ..."

"It's the way I chose. Even if there was no work in the village, it would have been like this someday. So ... never blame."

"Ugh, uh ..."

"Thank you, Yuna. Always."

"Ah, ah, Ah ..."

The tears that could not stand anymore were only in the eyes of Baekseo Yeon. Seo Yeon vomited a painful moan with a distorted face.

The boy looked at her with a complicated gaze. The sand was now covering half of his upper body. Even the firearms of the eyes lost their light faintly.

Finally, the boy turned to the third direction.

"senior."

"..."

"Minha senior."

"..."

He called the remaining one, but no answer was heard all the time. Lee Hyun, who was looking at her, opened her mouth again.

"Compassion."

"liar."

And finally the answer came. I was staring at the boy as if I was a must see the enemy.

"Liar, liar, liar ...!"

"..."

"I decided not to die ...! I promised ... !!"

"... I'm sorry."

The boy laughed nicely. Seeing him, he shouted more evil.

"I said clearly. If you die, I will die too !!

"Don't do it, senior."

The boy shook his head with a calm voice.

"Will it really be until the end?"

Paszuk-I heard the sound of the crumbling sand dunes. The boy's half was the sound of flying.

And the face of compassion, which was coldly frozen, finally began to break down.

"Ah, ah ... ah ..."

The sorrow of the boy's eyes was overwhelming. He did not try to speak in a calm voice.

"Don't die and live."

"I, I ... I ..."

"My horse It's a last wish. You can listen that much between us. Can you promise? "

"ah..."

The compassion under the chewed lips of the bleeding was eye -catching. Then he slowly nodded slowly.

The boy who waited for her answer was a smile of relief.

"... Thank you, senior. Please kill that personality in the future. Now I don't have it.

"..."

"I shouldn't have someone to side instead. And ... ah."

The boy who spoke spit out a vain lament. His pupils lost their light completely. He was alone in the dark, and he again called him.

"Senior. Can you come close? I can't see my eyes ..."

"Huh ..."

As if it was broken, he approached the boy as if he had swallowed. Soon she grabbed the boy's remaining hand and put it on her cheeks.

The palm that found the warmth passed through her face. Like I want to remember all of the form.

"... Yes, it felt like this ..."

The boy muttered with a compassion. A dazzling smile was engraved on its mouth.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013EPXZG1EMLBTSUZTVTVRWEFWEFWNFM4MWV5A043TWLYTJK2RTHQ2RTRC9HOA

"... too pretty."

"no..."

"Actually, I thought so since I first saw it."

"Huh, no ... please ..."

"How ... because I wonder if people look like that ... I'm so sharp and indispensable.

"I don't like it ... no ...! No ..."

"Well, of course, it was so dirty that I didn't want to do it."

The boy's voice was scattered like a fog. His loss, which was touched by prayer under compassion, was gradually losing power.

And finally, a bright smile on his face rose.

"... I kept it. I."

"uh...?"

Tuk-Hands that laid their hands fell without power. I was confused and looked at him.

-Shoya ...

"No ... no ... !!"

Later, he ran as if he hugged the boy's body. He then tried to wrap the boy's face, but he was sanded and escaped through her hands.

"Oh, ah ..."

And the three pairs of eyes were close to pain. The sky is clear, but the beading crying sounds over the lawn.

Now there was no boy they knew in the world. Only the mask that fell to the floor was only split in half Only that trace was guessed.

******************************* Chapter 274 *******************************

There was a bubble in the ritual. As I opened my eyes, it was a bedroom where the mining was shown at the bluish dawn.

My head was as if I was in my dream. I can't think of what happened before I got up and why I was looking at this landscape now.

I have been around. The vision was as dull as it was to see an old picture.

Somehow, the smell of squeezing and stiff smell stabs the nose. When the dong was opened, someone lying in bed with the sound of the alarm that was ringing outside, raised the booth.

"... already morning?"

A naked man grabbed his forehead as a headache. Because of the backwards, my face was not visible, but I could definitely know that it was a well -trained sloppy physique.

"Really ... time is dirty and fast ..."

After confirming the calendar, he deeply exhaled and lamented. And next to him was one more.

A woman of half -nakin, who opened her eyes to the popularity, muttered her eyes.

"Um ... I'm going to go?"

"uh."

The man picked up the main islands of clothes that were distracted on the floor.

"No matter how much you entrance. The perception is a little."

His jacket was a cradle of the cradle. It's been a long time since the fashion, but only the unique colors and antique sentences were clearly recognized. I wanted to be used to it.

"Now come and pretend to be an exemplary student. The only student in this place will be the bleeding until the day before the entrance ceremony."

The woman who covered her body with a blanket said she said like a joke. The man filled the button and picked it.

"This place is like this? I like this. It's better than the mansion."

He shook his hands without looking back.

"I'm going. Now I can't come. I will see more eyes when I enter."

"Okay. I don't expect."

The woman responded as if it was not a great. After a fresh farewell, the man opened the door and went out to the hallway. I was chasing behind him like a ghost without a will.

The old corridor squeaked every time he stepped his feet. After a few stairs, the exit finally began to be seen.

And next to the man who left the door, a cold voice like an ice field.

"Brother. Did you be peaceful at night."

"ah."

The man who turned his head spit out as if he was wrong.

A girl in the same academy uniform as a man stood with her hands. The grace and courtesy were overflowing, and the off -color was great enough to catch the attention of pedestrians with its existence itself.

And I also know her? I was able to play.

"Jin?"

The voice of the man was not good. The identity of the girl was Jin's sister. Sister? Is your sister right? I look similar to me now.

...anyway.

She had a cool and elegant attitude all the time. As if I am confident that I am the spirit of the prestigious family.

Familiarity and strangeness crossed half. Even though it looks much more, it is a much more of the day that gives the impression that it is dreamy and mysterious.

The title is not my brother, but my brother is not a half word.

"What are you doing here?"

"I came because my aunt asked me."

"Request?"

The girl nodded.

"Yes. You have to find your brother and get to the entrance ceremony."

"I will not be able to wear it. 쯧, useless things ..."

The man kicked his tongue without hiding the unpleasant tea. Perhaps you are crumpling a lot. I think I know my expression by just looking at the back of the head.

If you are aunt of Jin's sister, he is the mother. I heard that the Mado twenty -seven -family family is the external price of the general manager. Jin's sister was the successor to the family.

"My brother is now legally a complete adult. You must be aware of your position."

Jean sister did not even be overwhelmed by the tough momentum of the man. It was said in the right voice of Jogonjogon, but it was not a dearness, but a light of despair.

ZGVPDDC2CMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVCLUEJDYUG9SMIT2VMVARFNWWQJMMMMMMMMITKCLZSVFNK2pquhdouqhdouqhdouqhdouqhdouqhdouqhdoo

"Are you not the eldest son of the country, the nation's prestigious,. Such a person is going to the brothel until the day of the entrance ceremony. I'm afraid that it will be known outside. Do not attend the preliminary exchanges of the masters, and the successor education is out and overdue ..."

"Hey, I told you.

The man quit the words of his sister who preached. A man with a close face threatened her and looked at her.

"Or is that? Are you going to feel bad on purpose? Then I want to say that it was a successful masterpiece."

"That's it. It was just a loyal advice as a close relative."

"Ha, hide and speak."

The man smiled as if he was the same. There was a deep aversion to each word that the girl said to see him. The eyes like seeing the gross deep sea creatures are bonuses.

"Would you like to go to a preliminary exchange? There is no breathing place. In comparison, the brothel is heaven. "

"As a successor of the Black Route ..."

"Is this crazy, real."

The man raised his hand as if he could no longer stand. And I grabbed my sister's chin and lifted it up as if he had made a review.

"Hey. I told you not to do it."

"..."

"If I don't like it here, you have to deal with you. I had to need something useful in the cradle?"

"It's a statement that is not worth answering. Rather than being shameful by a shame to his cousin's brother, he will bite his tongue."

The fireworks that seemed to be splashing between the two. Jean sister was staring at him quietly like the winter when the frosted hair fell.

And it was the man's side that turned the first eye.

", It's. I asked."

A sighed man liberated Jean's sister's chin. As if nothing happened, the man was bothered by seeing a girl who tidy up the birds.

"Do you not see you in school uniform? I tried to take care of it anyway."

"Did you do that."

"Uh. So now it goes out."

"I can't. I was asked by my aunt ..."

"Oh, heh, I knew!"

A man who was staring at her sister as if she was annoyed and passed by like a man without a man. The two walked to the stop without words.

"It's a little better because you're up."

The man squeezed the girl who followed him with a step and shook it with a fertilizer.

"How are people so tight? So you don't have to be popular with men.

"I don't need the interest of men who are frivolous and estrous. Rather, it's good."

"Let's not say ..."

The man lamented his head. As he walked, he stopped in front of the sparkling glass window.

The approached man looked at the window like a mirror and swept the long bangs back. Then he opened his mouth with a smile.

"After all, you are handsome."

And I was able to see the man's face on the window. A thin face, a sharp impression that is threatened to those who do not know.

But the freshness that is not visible at all now has a complete face. The nameplate attached to the chest had a familiar name.

-Sam Jaehyuk

***

What I was looking at was the past of the general manager. I don't know how it fell into this dream, but I don't even want to get out It was. Well, I was curious in my own way.

The point of view changed quickly. I had a panoramic view of Hwayang Hall, which seems to be much newer than now. The entrance ceremony of freshmen every spring was going on this year.

Boring dedications and self -introductions of the staff are followed. The general manager had a long yawning as if he was not interested in the back row.

The students around the three -fifth gathered leaned in a heated voice. The direction of the side was heading towards.

-How, behind there ...

-I's crazy ... Black Route. Why do you mean to our rider ...

-fizzle! Don't meet your eyes. To tie up ...

"Pecked babies. Rather, apply for a duel."

The smiley chief muttered as if it was the same. Fortunately, the interest in him did not last long.

Every student's eyes were focused on the appearance of someone in the front stage.

"That's ..."

"He is ...!"

A female professor was just on the stage. The voice of the host who introduced her rang through the amplifier.

-You Professor, Haehwa, who has been in charge of black magic response from this year! Please welcome everyone with applause!

"Wolhwa? I know that year?"

"It's a hero of the third annihilation.

The magnificence of the heated Tokyo filled the Ilsun Hwayang Hall. The female professor who handed over the amplifier opened his mouth slightly with his long hair.

-Nightly, freshmen. It is called the year of black magic. With a lack of sincerity ...

The principal was no different at this time and now. I'm a celebrity, and my young appearance is younger than my age.

"Wow ... it's really pretty ..."

One of the boys in the back row muttered with his mouth open.

"If you wear a school uniform, I don't know if you're a freshman. How long is that?

His friend hurriedly blocked the mouth of a student who was doing something with his fingers. Seeing the single phase, he said urgently, lowering his voice.

"Hey! Be careful! Didn't you hear rumors?"

"Cool ... Suddenly it's a fuss. Rumor has it rumors?"

"Professor, I hate talking about age the most in the world. If it's wrong, it's solitary."

"What? Only that ..."

"Really. I heard from my brother who graduated.

"crazy..."

I whispered close to my whisper, so I couldn't understand the words on the back. The only thing I could see was the face of a surprised boy.

heartbreak Was a boring expression as if he was not interested in such gossip. Heat-Seeing the steps with his eyes, he muttered.

"Huh, forty forty? It's just a grandmother."

He shook his head with his tongue out of his tongue. In the back, the general manager turned his shoulder to tap and turned reflexively.

Because of that, he did not know that Haewolhwa, who was standing at the stage, was staring at himself. I'm glad this.

"what?"

The head of the head frowned. What called him was a male student who looked clearly. At a glance, my eyes were so sad that I could see that I was a good person.

"Hello. Are you rumored?"

His chest was also hanging on a freshman badge. The head of the general, who heard the word 'rumor', became more ugly.

"Are you going to fertilize? It's good.

"... what are you talking about?"

"uh?"

"uh?"

However, his momentum was squeezed by the bewildered expression of a stranger boy.

"I just wanted to say goodbye to the same freshmen ..."

The boy scratched his mouth and muttered nicely. He smiled like a person and raised his right hand and gave it to the leader.

"Nice to meet you. I'm called Baek Yu -jun. Pacheon's Baek Yu -jun."

******************************* Chapter 275 *******************************

The new semester of the cradle began with the sprouts that sprouted on the branches. Excited excitement and expectation of the future were filled with the land of the academy.

"Damn, I can't eat it."

After the supplementary class, the general manager goes out into the hallway. He was almost the only person who could not enjoy such air.

"Memorize something like a norm and use it ... Anyway, it's useless ..."

He grabbed the tie roughly as if he had a frustrating heart. The general manager was unable to melt in the life of a cradle like a wild beast trapped in us.

Suddenly someone appears in front of him and blocks the way.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013EDJLY29WNXZHAZHAZHAZHZEDDHVDBOU2N0V3JIWNUVFNUVFNUTFNUTDOA

"I, stir ..."

"...?"

The manager who confirmed his opponent frowned. It was a female student who shook his mouth.

Tone is timid as it reflects personality. It was not seen because of the hidden faces on the long bangs.

All you can see is the slim jaw line contrasting with the violent upper body.

I immediately confirmed her nameplate. What you see was three of the familiar names.

-Yoon Chae -won.

"..."

I was dazed for a while. I know Chaewon's sister is a good owner who has a single hair and a paired personality with the general manager. That is that person ...?

The flow of time is this scary. In 18 years, such a timid girl has become such a bold woman.

"Oh, hello ... I'm ... so ..."

My sister, who felt the eye of the director's day, chewed her tongue. She shouted hard for a while.

"This, this time I'm Yoon Chae -won, who received a letter of recommendation from the Black Route ...!"

In the early days of admission, I remembered the modifiers that caught up like a shadow behind me. Recommended students from the Black Route in 18 years.

I was wondering who was the recommended student in my heart. He's just solving that question.

"..."

"Special, specialty is a high -speed magic operation ... The future career is toward the circulatory system ..."

The leader did not respond much to her introduction. Rather, the distinctive annoying eye is more bitter.

My sister's voice gradually drained. Now she was almost muttering.

"That, so ... I'm going to say hello to the successor of the Black Route in grace ..."

"..."

"In order to help the Black Route in the future ... I will go to my studies with the determination of bones ..."

"hey Do you not read a regular book? "

And the manager spit out as if he could no longer listen. But what are the people who just grumbled?

"yes yes...?"

Sister's voice was embarrassed. The general manager said nasty.

"I don't know if the same grade is said to be a solitary pedestal. It's written in the gate.

"I, I ... no, I ..."

"Or is that? Do you want to feed on purpose?

"Ah, no ...! No, no!"

Chaewon's sister was surprised and shook his head. It's just like looking at the snowy snow.

The general manager who saw his sister who almost lowered himself to the floor was more cold.

", It's going to go out."

After a while, he closed his hand as if he was bothered.

"And don't pretend to know in the future. I don't want to be tied up with family work. Did you understand me?"

"Uh, uh ..."

The water of the voice was getting deeper. Maybe there's already a drop of tears under the eyes.

"And what is that bangs? I'm all frustrated. At least the eyes should be seen."

"..."

"I'm really ... it's not a monkey beast ..."

"Black, huh ..."

And the leader grumbled and passed by. Finally, with the tears of hearing, the tears began to wet the floor.

"I, I ... no, I just say hello ..."

The feeling is deeper. This was unexpected. I was able to see his eyes instantly on his eyes.

He scratched his head and made a half -mixed look.

"Hey, so ..."

But the general manager was trying to talk again. In the square of the corridor, there was a rigor that seemed to be triggered.

Subsequently, a non -killing particle missile was shot at him at a high speed.

-Quang !!

"Well ...!"

Chaewon's sister, who is sitting down, screams. Along with the binge, the smoke rose in the hallway and covered the view.

Soon, the face of the chilled director is revealed through the thin acting. Rather than raw, one of the clothes was not torn. The particle missile has only left a slight crack on the wall.

"A dog like a dog ..."

"Indeed, it is the personality of the rumor."

Someone who appeared in the words of the nasty sloppy of the sluggishness was cut. Half of the aversion and hostility are half -mixed.

Soon again With the sound, a tall girl appeared beyond.

"Do you think the black lotus is biting a mop in your mouth?"

Her right arm was filled with a blue armband symbolizing the leader. The hair dried like silk was organized long and neat now.

Contrary to just, this time, I was able to notice the identity of a girl who appeared in a bad way.

"Leading, Ryu Sehwa."

Sehwa's sister muttered coldly while staring at the leader. The general manager who saw the attitude was right.

"Ha, I'm a leader, so I shoot a magic to anyone ..."

"I'm sorry, but you are not anyone. This is a legitimate implementation procedure. And the leader has the authority to arbitrarily use the magic for overwhelming depending on the risk of the object."

"Host? I did something wrong."

As if it was absurd. Sehwa sister responded with a cold smile without a surprise eyes.

"It's no use even if you deny it. The report that you forcibly hit yourself was already received by the student council."

"what?"

"In addition, I also obtained additional testimonies that you had been banned by other girls with the rules.

Sehwa's sister was eye -catching behind the leader. Chaewon's sister still trembled and shook her head. On the bottom of the floor, the traces of tears fell.

There is a contempt and disgust of Sehwa's sister who confirmed him.

"The tears itself is the same. I am a recommended student of your family. I used to use the status to harass the recommended student.

"Hey, what's a bullshit. No matter who you see, you're scared of shooting missiles. And tears ... ha."

The manager scratched his hair as if he was frustrated.

"I don't follow.

He was trying to say something and soon brought his eyes to Sehwa's sister.

"I've never been forced to hit. The same is true for others.

Sehwa's sister twisted his mouth as if it was ridiculous.

"The bullshit is that much. It's a bottle. A woman believes in a robber like you and gives himself? You must listen to the lie ..."

"Oh, I don't like the unknown kids.

"Well, what !!"

Sehwa's sister's expression shook at the words he sighed. that The general manager who did not miss the gap was mocked.

"What do you think about giving yourself overnight ... I know it's tight. Didn't you learn that at a preliminary exchange?"

"Lee, profit ...!"

"Hahm, what's good to learn. I think all the men who are coming will run away. Is Haehwahwa a role model of life? Uh?

"You, you ...!"

Sehwa's sister with a red face murmured while staring at the leader. Naturally, it is a flush that comes from shame, not shame or shy. There was even a drop of tears at the eyes of the eyes.

My sister, bowed, trembled for a long time. In a tight fist, I feel anger.

"... I just became more clear with that remark."

My sister, who barely regained his calm, stares at the general manager who has a bad smile.

"You are a student that shouldn't be in the cradle. What do you do if you are from Myeongga?

"..."

Then he said, “I declared a blade for the overwhelming blade that was filled with the waist.

"Follow me, Sajae -hyuk. Today I will fix that unavoidable mental head."

"ha..."

The leader sighed tired and swept his face with both hands. Then I looked at Sehwa's sister with a little tired eyes.

"This is why the tightly closed woman is just awkward."

***

The general manager was sentenced to solitary sentence by the disciplinary committee. It was recognized for the girls' innocence, but the other part was a problem.

His charges were that they failed the leaders' instructions and rather exercised unauthorized assaults to realize the authority of the leader.

"..."

After three days of his feet, he overlooks his arms. The heavy restraint that dropped the particle function less than half was filled with the arm.

-If you followed the leading members, you would have a chance to clarify. This redemption is ignoring such basic rules.

-The scandal with the girls can be seen as it is because you failed to have a body. In the future, let's be weighted again.

And with the work of the director, new rules were opened in the cradle. It was a rule that aims to be more strictly forbidden between reason than before.

This was the result of Haewolhwa's fluttering and overturning the disciplinary committee. It was a powerful claim of a hard war hero, so it would have been difficult for other members to challenge.

-Make sure that you will never remove it from your body for a week. If it is discovered, the punishment period will be tripled.

bump Considering the educational schedule of the harsh cradle, it was also seen as a harsh and reasonable punishment. It would be difficult to follow the training schedule compared to the previous one with a decreased magic ability.

-For reference, this is the punishment that the California of the Black Route also agreed. So you don't have to vomit unnecessarily.

"ha..."

The leader sighed. The students' eyes are felt around him walking through the hallway. The naval turmoil without a place to go to his ears in the wind.

-It? It's been a big deal with a new leader.

-The girl who had been dealing with was serious. I was beaten with my bare hands ...

-It is trying to help a girl who is harassed ...

-

"Anyway, noisy things."

The general manager laughed at him. It was around the blind of the corridor.

-Prom!

At the moment, the sky was overturned with the powerful pain of the chest. The general manager who bumped into something rolled off the floor.

"This seed ..."

The chief of the chest was impressed. It was in a car that was blurry because the body could not adapt to the lowered body function.

There were thick books around him. Someone's voice was heard in the ear's ears, who stumbled and caught their mind.

"Sin, sorry ...! Stop borrowing too much book ...!"

The general manager turned straight. Like I want to check the person who made himself like this.

But soon he stopped moving. It was a female student who was trembling with a bad eye.

The pupils were blue like the deep sea. The hair was as clean as the snow of the winter.

The surrounding space was filled with the incense of her. I could also feel him too. Refreshing and warm particle scent. The sun is just as if sighing will heal souls and minds.

"Mi, I'm sorry ...! Are you not hurt ...?"

"..."

There was no answer to the leader. His stupid eyes still looked straight at the girl. Like a person even if you have something in a moment.

"Uh, what should I do ... must have been hit ..."

And the girl who saw his reaction fell even more.

"Hey! Hey! Okay ... huh?"

The female student who was shaking his shoulder looked bewildered at the moment. Suddenly, she grabbed her chin with her hand.

"Sleep, wait ...!"

"..."

The girl who used the dragon shouted. There was still no answer to the stupid eye. Instead, he was taking her nose close to her.

"This, let go of this ...! Hey! No one? I'm crazy, really ..."

"..."

"Wait a minute ... restraint? No way ..."

"Scent ... scent ..."

The leader muttered in a dull voice. Suddenly the two were close to the distance just before the lips touched.

-Attake!

And I heard a sharp sound of air. The leader shed a stupid voice.

"...uh?"

His cheek was engraved in the form of a thin finger. The stupid eyes also regained their focus.

"쓰레기 같은 새끼."

The manager who wrapped the ball stare at the front. The girl who gave him an apology without knowing what was staring at him with a disdainful expression.

"I hate you. I hate guys like you. I believe in the power of the family.

And the neat appearance, which I could not imagine, was spit out in a row.

In the meantime, he could not take his eyes off the girl. And her appearance was quite familiar to me.

I naturally confirmed the girl's nameplate.

-Seolyujeong.

***

Time flows again. The leader was sitting on the chair of the edge of the calibration. Unlike a comfortable posture, the pupils were full of trouble and worries.

And the shadow is in front of such a leader.

It was a male student of polite and handsome impression. The director who saw him was impressed and annoyed.

"Hey, I'm trembling. Stop it.

"What about? Friends."

Baek Yu -joon, who lit the words of the leader, settled down. Even though he was neatly ignored by the entrance ceremony, he was approaching the director every time he was in a break.

Pacheon and the Black Route have already been not good since this time. In that sense, the leader's response was normal this time.

"What do you think?"

"What are you going to match ... don't hinder to take a nap and go out ..."

"I wish I had a brother. Are you saying?"

"what?"

The leader opened his eyes round. It was the right answer.

******************************* Chapter 276 *******************************

"You're this baby ... Are you using self -description?"

"Uh? I took a picture, but it seems right?"

Baek Yu -joon, who saw the expression of the chief, laughed satisfactorily. Sitting in his seat, he shook his head.

"There's nothing like poisonous. It's probably impossible with black magic."

"But how ..."

"You're more gorgeous than you?"

Baek Yu -jun broke the general. And I spoke long as I remembered something.

"Before I entered the cradle, I walked in and out of the Sachang and Woo Beomji area, and I broke the curfew after admission.

"This baby ... are you doing other backs?"

The head was hard to face. The dark silent particles that were unatnated fluttered along his shape like the waves.

"What are you doing?"

The general manager, who was stacked, had a threatening eye.

"Where did you want to get a business right?

"..."

"I've seen it since I was close to my tail. It's like a baby without rice ..."

The leader was going to leave his seat. Baek Yu -jun, who looked at him, opened his mouth.

"It's definitely a great talent. It is not a rumor that the male wizard is the first to be named in the first category level."

"Why? Is it scary?"

The general manager who stopped at his words spit out the pick-laugh.

"I'm sorry for the teeth? I'm sorry, but it's already late ..."

"Is it possible. It's just a waste."

"It's a waste?"

The leader frowned as if his words didn't understand. Baek Yu -jun was still in a calm tone.

"Isn't it natural? That great talent is rotten without any use. Anyone will think so."

"You're nervous. Whether it's rotten or not ..."

"Sajae -hyuk. Isn't it frustrating?"

"what?"

"Black lotus is a prestigious prestigious. As a successor to it, it's time to know all kinds of dirty things that run behind."

"..."

"Assassination, terrorism, purge of static, bribes for business expansion, buy ..."

"What is ..."

"The riots of the East Earth last month."

The pupils of the head of the steadily sang were lost. He was listening to a black hair boy as if he was obsessed with.

"The slums are required to collapse the land prices, and then buy the sale of the bargain price. It is a way to use it often in our Pacheon.

"..."

"Especially, Ye Ji -eun of 'Cold Blood' ... You must have paid attention to your mother. The redevelopment was a petition business of his family. And he's never a wizard who is merciful to the people. "

The general manager was listening to the words, but the surprise was me. This is because he and Baek Yu -jun, who took care of me, and Baek Yu -jun, were not in harmony.

"And it is an orphanage and a brothel that occupies most of the Eastern district. How did you get in and out of the place? Huh?

It was a moment, but the light of the nursery rhyme passed by in the eyes of the general manager. Baek Yu -jun said that he would not miss the gap.

"You are excluded from the first redevelopment target, and of course the poor people, including the prostitutes and orphans, kept their positions. Even when the riots took place, they could not suffer any casualties.

"Is there a delusion? There are only people who can't listen to them."

"I'm sorry. I hear that often."

The general manager who was trying to hear it closed his mouth. Baek Yu -jun spoke in a light voice.

"Who dare to interfere with the events of the Black Route? Unless you are confident that you are not sure that you are not in a big or interfering with it."

"..."

"Oh, do you want to have a younger brother? Do you want to be a lordless honor, which can be passed on and become a freedom body. It's a successor who draws in a dream for someone, but you can't see it."

"..."

"Yes, it's a result of recoil that comes from that idea. Because I keep facing the opposite of the natural temperament.

"Yes, it's frustrating this baby !!"

And as the active volcano bursts, the insurgency of the leader explodes. Rather than anger toward a boy in front of his eyes, he was closer to the anger of the situation he said.

"Is it cool now? Uh?

"..."

"But what do you do?

"I do the same."

"what?"

"I'm stuffy like you too."

And Baek Yu -joon, who was silently looking at anger, opened his mouth. The steaking manager met with him. It was still a calm lake.

ES82CEF3M2JNBHLDCJVODBMEUDBMEUHQMGZFN0EWG9WQUTPBWE4YVD5NHPSQVHVHVEVHDHZSMTN MWDQWVSSSRUW

"I'm not too comfortable. It's been less than a hundred years since I preserved civilization only ten days in the burning and burning ten days. And we forgot the past too quickly."

"..."

"The demons in the north, the rebels in the south. The lives of the people are getting more and more devastated, but the black magic is soaked like poison.

The strength was getting away from the hands of the manager who twisted. He asked in a little subscribed voice.

"So what do you want to say?"

"Would you like to change it?"

"what?"

"That power ... I'm going to use your natural talent in a better place. In the reform of the wizard society."

"..."

"Wizards are thoroughly moving with the logic of power. In the meantime, it is only an empty sound to preach the idealism.

Baek Yu -jun sparkled his eyes. The reason why he talked to the head of the rival family all the time was finally revealed.

"The ideals that are supported by the proper background have a significant reality in itself. And you and me have enough power. How are you? I think?"

"..."

At the moment, the eyes of the director shook. The boy in front of the eyes had an excellent talent to hold people. Soon he shook his head hard, as if he had resisted brainwashing.

"It's noisy. I'm a reform and I don't care.

"A, I know everything. I read the hidden meaning in your rebellious eyes. Actually it sounded like?"

Baek Yu -jun said with a relaxed smile.

"Is it Yoon Chae -won? You're actually a recommendation student.

"... I don't know what."

"It's usually a Korean -American entrance student who led the dirty things that I mentioned earlier. It's just a perfect fit. It's perfect. There's no back, and you need to pay the support.

"..."

"The recommended students who spend their school days with the next California are easier to assimilate. There is a bond that has been accumulated for three years, so even if you instruct a dirty work, I do it more quickly.

"Oh, what? It's just annoying."

The general manager shouted while quitting his words, but he could not hide his expression.

"In the shape of the bangs I'm going to go, so it's not annoying and exhaust? "

"Okay, I know. Do it like that."

"Oh, don't bother and go out!

The shooting manager stopped. Soon his head goes back. Among the waxy students of correction, his stupid eyes continued to move along one point.

The gaze stopped in the middle of the garden. A female student, who seemed to be a realization of the concept of freshness, was playing with her friends.

The leader stared at the scene like a person in a stopped time. And a playful joke from behind woke up his sleep.

"Are you not interested in reform, but are you interested in women?"

At the moment, the firearms returned to the head of the leader. He smoked another way with his expression.

"Hey ... that black lotus is so eyes. There's no pure man."

"Poetry, noisy."

"Was it Seol Yu -jeong ... I'm a celebrity."

Baek Yu -jun, who turned his head along the leader, muttered.

"In a luxurious personality, appearance, excellent academic grades, and amazing magical talent that already expresses aroma ... The only shortcoming is the scholar who came to the corner."

"..."

"But maybe not?"

"What? Why?"

The general manager, who pretended not to be interested, asked. I laughed as if Baek Yu -jun was caught.

"I don't know what he's hate? He is a prestigious restraint who believes in his status and status on a neglected topic.

"..."

"If you look at it, no one reminds me of it?"

The leader turned to somewhere. The college -level billboards that record the students' ranking scores were found in the past.

His grades are in the middle. The name also could only be found only after a long attention from above.

"..."

"Of course the result."

Behind him looking at the ranking board, Baek Yu -jun shrugged and opened his mouth.

"What do you have to score in Dalian?

"..."

On the other hand, Seol Yu -jung's performance was located at the top of the number of digits. The same was true of Baek Yu -jun in front of you.

He said to the leader.

"The bottom line is that you are the type man you hate most."

******************************* Chapter 277 *******************************

The flow of time accelerates. The leader was in trouble all the time. Because of Baek Yu -jun's suggestion that seems to penetrate his inner inside, and a girl who puts his cheeks.

And the meeting was always coming without notice.

"Um ..."

Forest with the same environment as an alternative. Heavenly basin. So far, it is used as the first training place for freshmen.

Seol Yu -jeong, a girl who fell in the middle of the middle of the box, opened his eyes. And she immediately killed the sound and killed the sound. I was staring at her right in front of the insect -type beasts, splitting into four.

"You don't have to be so scared. Because you're already dead."

There was a voice of someone behind the girl who desperately wrote the magic. Soon she turned around and opened her eyes.

"You, you ..."

The familiar voice was the director. He stood with the moonlight with fluorescent blood upside down. There were at least several tens of beasts around it.

Soon -jeong, who had grasped the situation, looked around. As the general manager said, the insect -type beast was not moving and dripping the green blood.

She carefully asked the leader without getting the eyes of the boundary.

"... Did you save me?"

"Save. There's a turmoil on the way."

The general manager said in a bad voice.

"What happened more than that?

And Seol Yu -jung's face became darker. She wrote in a bitter voice.

"... I left me. I was stunned by the beasts alone and stunned with particle exhaustion. I thought I was dead ..."

", It's worth it."

I crumpled my face to see if the general manager was guessing.

"It looks like something inferior. I don't think to win with my skills ..."

She has recorded the top scores throughout the first grade. Even though he was not from a famous family, he was born with an excellent magical talent to express his particles, and with his beautiful appearance, he attracted the attention of male students with Sehwa sister and Jin sister.

And the fulfillment of the person without the background was often followed. Seol Yu -jung, who was looking for a friend's chance, led her to death by conspiring as if she had waited when the practice began.

"I thought it was a friend ..."

"They think they were not a friend, but a competitor.

"Eh, Echu!"

The general manager would also have a blunt word that he didn't like. A noisy cough cow Lee stopped his mouth.

Soon after the awkward silence flows between the two. The girl with a nice look was slightly trembling. The temperature was falling to a risk level because it had been left for a long time in the night forest.

"... follow."

After a long inner conflict, I sighed.

***

-Todak, Tada ...

The two sat around a bonfire in front of a natural cave. Seol Yu -jung was thinking about it while sitting in front of the fire.

She sometimes did not forget to have a questionable eye on the leader. In the end, the unbearable general said it shot.

"Why do you see that? If you have something to say."

"... nothing."

"her?"

Sul Yu-jung turned around with a staggering eyebrow as if it was absurd. The face was still full of suspicion, but it was not a distrust of the leader.

She muttered in a small voice that would not be heard by the leader.

"I think it's a little different from the rumor ... what the hell ..."

She squeezed for a while and finally turned her head as if she had decided. Then I asked the leader in a voice that felt playful.

"Hey, you are. Can I just ask one?"

"... what?"

"Why did you do that to me last time? Suddenly put your lips ..."

"Cool luck, cool luck !!"

The general manager who was drinking water vomited as if he heard Sarre. Only true, he shouted at a girl.

"This catches life. When I did it."

"I don't remember? You suddenly did it in the hallway.

"That, that's not the lips ..."

"... no?"

The female student's persistent accumulation is followed. The general manager, who was unlikely, said in a crawling voice as if he had resigned.

"I just liked the scent ... I was in charge."

"Huh ..."

"Beautiful, I'm sorry. Are you a mistake?"

The general manager said without seeing his eyes. I didn't have to say anything. I didn't even know why I did it.

"... do you call it an apology? Anyway ..."

The girl who saw his actions seemed ridiculous. Then he sighed and opened his mouth again.

"Okay. That's right ... Can I just ask one more?"

"... what else?"

"Didn't you have a strange thing when you're stunned?"

"Would you like to do that? There is no hobby of touching a sleeping woman."

This time the immediate answer came out. In a voice that feels bluffed by some of the shrugs shrugs I spoke.

"Well, I saw a lot of women who were tired."

"Ha? Really low quality. So I hear the kids."

Seol Yu -jung, who understood the meaning, raised his eyes on a moment. But the hostility and alertness in the gaze have long been melted.

"Then I didn't even thank you."

Soon Sul Yu -jung laughed in a clearly released voice. Then he bowed to the leader.

"Thank you. Thanks to you. If it weren't you, you would probably have already become the rice of the beasts."

"What are you grateful for that?"

The general manager avoided cooking her eyes. The night was deepening with the burning bonfire.

***

The training of the perforated basin is over. Director and Seol Yu -jeong received the highest score, and the two students who were in danger were expelled immediately as soon as the training was over.

In addition, during the first practice to prevent the same thing from recurring, the regulations were established for seniors to set up a camp nearby and monitor and evaluate the lower students as crows. Like now.

And the leader returned to the free daily life again. On the hill, he chewed the puppy as he looked at the clouds flowing along the clear sky.

The shadow of someone who is slim on him is on top of him.

"What are you doing?

"you?"

The manager who confirmed the identity of the stranger opened his eyes round. Seol Yu -jeong, who had long hairy hair, looked down at him.

"You've been looking for a long time. No one knows ..."

"..."

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013L2033UUQ1CGZYVZDBMDBMDBXZUPZUPZUPZTW0xynuxRGLAQNDOUVM3S1NMWMU3BW9Hzw

The general manager, who was dazzling, turned in the opposite direction with her. Then he did not see the girl and shook his hand in a sinking voice.

"Go. Don't cover the sun."

"... I don't like it?"

And I heard a cluttering sound next to the director. The girl was staring at him slightly away.

"I'm here too. It's better than I thought. The grass is soft and the sun is warm."

"... you don't know my rumor? Go fast. I'm together and ..."

The general manager who raised up the upper body said and said. Seol Yu -jeong only had a lips as if it was not a big deal.

"Are you worried now? Is that black lotus?"

"What are you worried about? It's a bothersome thing."

"Well, I don't care about that. I have more cells anyway."

"her?" "I'm kidding."

As if he was scratching pride, his voice became sharp. Seol Yu-jeong, who saw his reaction, burst into a foot-laugh. Then he said again with his eyes fixed.

"I decided not to believe the rumor. I'd rather find it myself."

"..."

The clogged manager stared at the front. The girl still reached out to him with a smile.

"Self -introduction is late. Nice to meet you. I'm called Seol Yujeong."

The moment of moment. Dozens of trouble and troubles were passed by the head of the general manager who looked at the hand. There was no way to know what he was thinking about.

The only thing he will be, he will definitely catch the thin and thin fingers.

"...know."

Eventually, the head of the handshake was quiet. Half years after entering. He met his owner who thought he would not meet for a lifetime. Two people.

***

This time, time has passed faster. It was so fast that I couldn't see the scenery around me.

In the meantime, the general manager was changing. His ranking was quickly rising vertically at a high speed.

It was two elements that supported his development. One is ideological influence by Baek Yu -jun. One is the assistance of Seol Yu -jung who led him even in the harshness of almost rejoicing.

And someone's positive changes have a similar influence on the surroundings.

"Well, follow along.

"Turn off ... back ... ... Woo, I can't ..."

"I ..."

The manager knocked on his chest as if he was frustrated. The girl standing in front of him was Chaewon's sister.

Sister accepted his apology and advice and cut off his bumpy bangs and revealed his eyes. Soon she was able to become one of the popular grades.

Of course, not always good things.

"Hey! I say that, so the boys are not bothered to be bothered!

The leader screamed at a girl in front of her.

The boys who saw the appearance of flowers lately did not wake up properly. She's timid personality, too, did not refuse properly, making a difficult situation.

And the general manager, who opened his eyes, began to teach his sister. Hmm, no matter how corrected, that snout is inevitable.

"again."

"Turn it off ..."

"Tempo is too slow. Again."

"It's out ... de, ..."

"What is that pronunciation? It's funny on purpose Do you want to run away? again."

"Wow, right ..."

My sister was almost just crying at the attitude of a severely pushed director. Her patience seems to have reached a critical point as the earlobe has risen.

"Quickly. I have no time."

"Turn it off ..."

"again."

"It's out ... bar, fool ..."

"Don't change it. You have to express your intentions. The fools are too weak. Again."

"Turn it off ..."

"Uh, when do you want to end?"

"turn off...!"

"You're not doing it on purpose? If you keep doing it ..."

"Get off! 'Bottle' Shina !!"

Finally, my sister left the mountain and screamed. Soon there is silence around.

"..."

"Uh, uh ...?"

The director who was swearing and stared at Chae Won's sister. She was opening her eyes with her mouth closed. Like a person who was lately what he said.

"Fuh, Puha!"

The head of the shoulder finally burst into laughter.

"Look! What did I say! You said you can!"

"Oh ... I'm saying this is a bad thing ..."

Unlike the shy girl, the general's mouth was full of satisfactory smiles. He said with his sister's shoulder.

"Hey ..."

"You? I have talent. Keep doing so in the future! Then no one will bother you?"

"Jung, did you really did well ...?"

Every time I touched my hand, a girl who trembled looked up at him. The general nodded as if he was saying that.

"Yes! Would you like to show other swear words at this time?"

"That, that ..."

The girl leaned her head and continued to squeeze him. With a light smile on the mouth.

It was the day I learned how Chaewon's sister lived in his mouth.

******************************* Chapter 278 *******************************

-Quang!

"Jinah! Is it okay?"

"What are you!

"Who is!

"Huh ...! Black Ryeon's ganging ...!"

I was watching a luxurious banquet hall in an instant. Jin sister wearing a gorgeous dress was just exchanging a ring with someone.

"uh...?"

The eyes of the sister who turned their heads are full of tears. Her opponent was a middle -aged man with a fat and tall head off. I can't see her with her.

And as a signal of the director's actions that threw the chair, the whistle and firecrackers were dizzy.

-bang! Quang!

"Hand! It's a security burst!"

"If you resist immediately! Repeat it! If you resist it immediately ...!"

It happened with the beginning of the second semester. Due to the money of the Yee family, my sister had to be forced to be forced to sell, and the leader who was late to hear the news turned upside down.

He found out that Gear was a man who had been wealthy after his sister's opponent accumulated wealth with illegal drug transactions with the Xuan. He submitted the evidence to the security bureau and raided the engagement hall with them.

"This, what is this ... ...!"

"Well, standing there! No! My Pianse ...!"

It was in the midst of confusion. After catching his sister's sister's sister, he was in his arms and left the scene. The middle -aged man cried out like a pig, but he did not pretend.

"Oh, how did you see this ..."

Jean sister, who was wearing a torn dress, murmured with a fisic look. But soon he made a distinctive look and put it in him.

"Last, please let me go! What is this!"

"Be a little quiet.

-Quang!

The general manager did not see the particle missiles flying from behind. She shouted at the indifferent attitude.

"Because let's go! Bankruptcy of our family ...!"

"Oh, that? It's okay. It's all solved."

"yes...?"

-Quang!

The leader who avoided two foot attacks at once said like a spit. My sister, who was squeaking, stopped moving and looked up at the stomach.

"I found a secret book where he and the black horse clands were recorded. The scale was really beyond imagination?

"What ...?"

"The book has already been submitted to the Security Bureau. We also negotiated with the prosecutor in charge. In return forgiving all the debt of the debtor, the death penalty will be avoided. Well, I have to rotten my life in prison. and..."

The general manager looked down at her sister.

"The debt includes your family's debt to them. Do you know what you mean?"

"That, that word ...!"

My sister opened her eyes round. The general manager was satisfied with his head satisfactorily and smiled a bad smile.

"It means you don't have to sacrifice anymore."

"ah..."

My sister screamed with joy. Soon, the droplets of the big eyes were drafted.

"Ah, ah ... ugh ..."

", Crying."

The general manager saw the appearance-laughing. The tears that could not control whether the word became a catalyst began to fall to the floor.

"Huh, black ..."

"Are you stupid or idiot? You should have asked me to help you. Why are you hugging it all by yourself? Foolish."

The general manager said in an unfortunate voice without comforting her. hmm. This man is really a consistent personality now.

Jean sister shook her head in a tearful voice.

"Huh, why, why me ... I ..."

"You don't have to have a reason for saving.

My sister's face was already messed up because of tears. The general manager looked down at her as if he was teasing.

"I don't have any ugly potatoes like this. You're really right? My brother didn't look so ugly?"

"Oh, right ..."

"In the future, I call you brother. Don't tell me to be a distance. Did you know?"

"..."

My sister, who covered her face with both hands, nodded silently. After the incident, she returned to the Academy without much work.

And in the process of processing, she learned that the general manager was in a hurry, and he was in and out of the brothel.

My sister no longer looked at the general manager with the same hateful eyes. It was the same freshness as Umton Spring Sprout.

***

The time passed again. The last year of the autumn semester. A crowd of freshmen who went to the north was in a group of demon reconnaissance teams. And it was Sehwa's sister, a leader who led the group.

Sehwa sister was the poorest person with the leader. Because of the thoroughness of the original jurisdiction, he often fell over his every single family.

She acts as if she takes a house or applying for a duel Even the staff made the crane off.

In other words, it should be said that the tribute is thickly concentrated with a ten times.

-Fu!

"Big ...!"

Unwoldo, where red horses rose, embedded the input confidence like a thin paper. Sehwa's sister shouted at the siege and resisted the cadets.

"no!"

She rushed to reach out, but she was already late. The monster with a goat head picked up the cadet, which is still breathing, and started to tear off the head.

"Sal, save me ...!

"ah..."

-Woode, wood.

The sound of the skull crushed. Sister, who was devastated, looked around and looked around.

"Wow ...!"

Her members have already been torn alive and became a meal of the demons. The only surviving sister was Sehwa's sister, but it doesn't mean much.

My sister, who opened her hand, tried to create a magic, but the particles were broken without the shape.

Her fountain revealed the floor.

"no..."

The light of despair passed by my sister's eyes. Everywhere, the laughter of the ridiculed beasts sounded noisy. The siege was narrowed and she soon faced the same fate as the members.

And just before her heart is broken.

-Fu!

"Sewing!"

The demons who ridiculed their sisters with the cuts of their members screamed. Blade, with heavy black particles, was penetrating his neck from behind.

Soon, the horses of the horses of the horses fell with thumps. After that, it was the leader who turned the dark red blood all over the body.

"Hey, leader! Are you still alive?"

"Are you ... the black lotuses?"

Sehwa's sister shouted unbelievable. The general manager who confirmed her comfort was that he was relieved.

"Was there? Wait a minute. Only these guys are organized ...!"

The demons who were angry at the death of a colleague rushed from all sides. He stood on Sehwa's older sister and wielded the blade as if he danced.

Bloody blood flies like red petals embroidered the air. The beasts' heads fell on the floor every few seconds and popped up.

Sehwa's sister, who was looking at the scene, shouted and shouted.

"Bar, stupid! Why are you here !! How do you say that you are going to deal with many demons alone?

"I don't want to commit suicide!"

The general manager said, wielding the blade without seeing her. Tuk-Again the beast of the beast Lee rolled the floor.

"The reinforcement is coming! Just 10 minutes!"

"Ha, but ..."

Sehwa's sister muttered in an unstable voice. Like her worry, it was a clear situation to be over widow.

Moreover, even though I don't know talent, the general manager still lacks practical experience. At this time he was more immature than me.

Surprisingly, however, he succeeded in creating a miracle.

-Tanger!

"Hey, huh ...!"

After a few minutes. The enforcement manager fell on the floor with his blade out. Around his short breath, the demons of the demons were piled up like a mountain.

The gear is a leader of dozens of demons alone. It is also before the reinforcement also reached.

Of course, I also had to take that sacrifice.

"Cool luck, big ...!"

The collapsed manager vomited a mixed cough. Sehwa's sister approached him as soon as the gear was gear.

"Hey, wake up ...! Hey !!"

The blurry eyes told me that he was on the verge of losing consciousness. Sehwa's sister who saw it muttered as if he was incredible.

"Why the hell, why are you ..."

In the midst of breathing out of breath, the director looked at her.

"Cool luck ...! Leading ... If you die ... Now there's no one to duel with me ... ..."

"What a stupid ... uh? Hey!

Soon, the head of the leader picked up and his head went back. Sehwa's sister, who became a wool, shouted, but he did not move.

Well, of course, the leader was not dead. Soon after, the supporters arrived and immediately transferred him to the capital clinic.

Sehwa's sister took care of the stunned director all three days. And even after the waking of the leader, he did not fertilize or spit out the words of destruction as before.

Naturally, I didn't apply for a duel. The change was so severe that the general was disappointed.

"Hey, leading. Why don't you want to fight these days?"

"Mo, I don't know ..."

"I don't have to do it later?

"Mo, you didn't know ...!"

Sehwa's sister, who met the leader in the hallway, could not meet his eyes and turned away. I leaned my head so I couldn't see the expression, but I could see the red -heated earlobe.

"Crazy bitch ..."

The general manager who saw her back like a butterfly was dazzling. Didn't you guess her yet? No, is it not her?

anyway.

So, the last five destiny of Sehwa sister The general is tied together with the axis. And what started was bloody.

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVZ0DJWGU4Q0Y5y5bxPDA0MFY4SNJEY0P1A1ROYWY5K0DFCVLLZ0FRCVJING

-hey. Why are you coming out of her room?

-Isn't it too obvious? Until this morning, a young man and woman were in one shot. What the hell does that mean? huh? Of course, you were with you all night?

-This is like a pig ...!

hmm. And the sisters really died and fought. Phoein was not a figurative expression, but rather as it was.

really.

-We brother ... I hope you don't approach your brother. Do you need to know your topic? There is a law for people.

-under? It's not a friendly student, but it's too much on the cousin's topic. What are you? Inter interruption. Wherever you go to the topic of 'ugly potato' ...

-Dare ...

I have seen my sisters flutter several times in the unit, but compared to this time, it was really medicine. And only one of them desperately wanted. The heart of a man.

Time passes and the cancer continues. Even after they became sophomore, the general manager, who had erased the notoriousness of the dog, became the new student president, and followed him after they entered the executive of the student council.

But only one winner of this fight.

-Puong! pop...!

Summer festival of cradle. In the dark night sky, a gorgeous firecracker spread like paint. And the sisters who saw the fireworks and the sisters who saw the fireworks and shed tears of bitter tears, grabbing the bitter chest.

... Well, that doesn't mean they gave up. Sisters constantly tried to dig into the gap of the general manager. I have achieved my own results.

But the time has flowed without rest and the moment of happiness is never eternal. I also knew it better than anyone else.

And finally a moment of cruel destiny came. It was around the third year of graduation.

******************************* Chapter 279 *******************************

Spring when cherry leaves fall. Someone called the head of the cradle alone.

"Who is this? The rising star of the guard, ruthless wolf. My friend is not."

"Noisy."

The manager who confirmed his opponent smiled. A little older face was coming out.

The one who called him was a tiny man who was in conquest.

"Hey. You're on purpose. Do you really want to go behind?"

"Uh, former student president. I have a lot of snow.

Paik Yu -joon, who was glad to wav his hands, shakes hands with the leader.

"Your rumors came to the southern headquarters. Giraffe appeared in the guards. Last month, you killed two Baekdu -blooded demons?"

"Well.

The leader lived and said bluntly.

"You're two classes higher than me. Should I give this salute? Uh?"

"I'm good. Then, don't you want to get it?"

"What? This baby!"

When the manager pretended to catch his fat, he burst into laughter. Soon the two walked side by side towards Hwayang Hall.

"How long are you seeing?"

"It's the first time I was issued as a southern command ... 6 months?"

"... time is fast."

The general manager who counted the tongue kicked his tongue. The third grade is only on the enemy, but in fact, it is actually active.

As soon as he was in the third grade, he sewed the preliminary number of the guards and soon raised his back to one digit. On the other hand, Baek Yu -joon, who applied for early graduation, volunteered to a fast -paced forward unit and repeatedly wins.

And the two were formal, but they were in cradle to attend the graduation ceremony.

"..."

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013NELTUVZHZHZHZHUMZIWUMJFWELNTFPQQHYKTSANORU

The general manager stared at the correction of a noisy spring day. Their fast promotion was not just good. It means that there was a major to major, and on the other hand, it means that foreign affairs are anxious.

And the two were the same as the light stem that shines in the confusion. They were rapidly gaining fame by defeating the northern demons and the southern rebels.

In order to realize the great dream that someone presented as a freshman who did not know iron.

"... I was issued as the 12th brigade this time?"

The director who came out of the thoughts asked.

"Uh. So you have to go down as soon as you finish your graduation."

"It's the youngest new brigade. You succeeded. But it doesn't sound very good. "

The general manager who saw Baek Yu -jun nodded narrowed his eyes.

"12 brigade ... unit at the forefront of the southern pioneering. Recently, the rebels have been damaged by the annihilation of the rebels and reorganized the troops with the soldiers sent from each family."

"that's right."

", Did you have water from the older people of the military?

"Maybe you will be hit. Check for a promising junior who comes up ... Well, that's it."

"Hey! You know it obviously ..."

The director, who saw him shrugged, shouted.

"It's reorganized, the ownership of the soldiers is still in other families! Then, if you lose to the rebels and your lives are hurt?

"If you just do it instead, then you'll really do it."

Baek Yu-joon broke the words of the leader.

"If you finish this term safely, you can advance to the military's position. And with that career, you will enter the best parliament and start legislative activities.

"It's easy to say ..."

"Don't worry too much. I don't know my skills? I'm not an unidentified alien, no vaginal rebels."

He spoke with confidence and joked by looking at the leader.

"By the way, this is so low. I listen to all the worries of the black lotus. Even the student president, the star of the guards now ..."

"What? This is a hard time because of whom. Someone keeps reforming in your ears.

The director was waiting.

"I did this, but if you say something else later, you don't really leave it. Okay?"

"I don't have to worry. If I am drunk in power of power, you can kill me.

He opened his hands side by side and grabbed it tightly.

"Really only one step left. The youngest lawmaker who leads the black lotus and the transformation and the best wizard who supports him. I can't fail. Don't be in a hurry and wait a little more."

Baek Yu -joon, who looked up at the sky with a resolved face for a while, changed the tone and threw a joke.

"But is the rumor real?"

"Rumor? What rumors?"

It seemed that the leader didn't understand. The man's mouth was more playful in the mouth of the man who saw the expression.

"Why, one of the Guardians confessed to you It was said that it was drunk and crying and crazy. "

"What? Wait ...!"

"There is also a special article in Gossip. Is it clear?

"Hey, this baby! What should I do here?

The leader shouted in a hurry and blocked his mouth. But soon behind the two people heard a cold voice like an ice field.

"... who accepts confession?"

"Hmeup."

"omg."

The general manager and Baek Yu -jun breathe deeply. Soon after a awkward smile, the head of the head forced his head.

"Yu, Yoo Jung Ah."

"..."

The girl who wrote the bachelor's mother looked at the general manager silently. Baek Yu -joon, who rolled his eyes between the two, noticed and said.

"Oh, Aha ... I can't interfere with the place I meet for a long time. I'm going first? Look later?"

"Hey! This coward!"

Baek Yu -joon ran away from the desperate words of the general manager. The silence of the spring day was not suitable for the correction of the spring.

And the left -handed manager left his mouth hard and opened his mouth.

"...long time no see."

***

"Yoo Jung Ah."

The general manager facing Seol Yu -jung looked at her notice. The same ring on each finger is probably the reason.

The three -year time was a lover of a man and a man who put his cheeks on his first meeting. There was a lot of work between the two. As much as the other three sisters.

But in the end, the only person who gave his heart was the girl in front of her. Her refractory particle scent was the favorite fragrance of the leader.

The female student who first reached out to himself, known as a man, was still deeply imprinted in his brain.

"So ... first ..."

"it's okay."

She stared at the hard -standing manager and finally sighed. Then he mumbled as if he had a little resigned voice.

"What do you confess at will. And I refused anyway?

"...yes?"

The girl who saw the head of the head nodded as if he was waiting seemed to be slim.

"Uh, it's hard for only three people ... Really ..."

"Don't do that. I know you are the only you."

"... real?"

"Have you seen a lie?"

"I haven't seen it. But ..."

The general manager has repeatedly vowed, but her face has not been released today. The general manager who detected something more than soon asked Seol Yu -jung.

"What happened while I was there?"

"... see this."

Seol Yu -jeong, who was hesitant for a while, turned to the leader I crossed the dried newspaper. The general manager who looked at it for a while with a puzzled expression read a word loudly.

It was something that was very familiar to me.

"... Witch? What naming?"

"The southern and the eastern criminals are criminals. Witches are the name given by the media.

She explained the paragraph of the newspaper with her finger.

"There are already more than a few outskirts. There are few witnesses. They destroy the whole city. With the people in it."

"what...?"

The head was frowned upon as if he could not believe it.

"It's too irrational. It's not to make the city and make it a base, not to secure civilians to require ransom. If it's true, it's like a black magic.

"I don't know yet. It's not easy to collect information because there's too much witness."

Seol Yu -jung shook his head and said.

"I'm sure it's as good as one skill. Even though the bounty soared to the ceiling area, the defeat is failed. I know what's more strange? A criminal with similar features ... The witches are increasing.

"Oh, what happened while I was in the northern part? It wasn't that long ..."

"Because it's a chaotic world ..."

She lamented the words of the general manager.

"Anyway, I think the seriousness of the case is aware of the seriousness of the case. This time, a massive remote order has fallen. I'm recruiting applicants to participate in the operation in the cradle."

She executed another information paper. The general manager who confirmed the contents said with a pick-ridicule.

"Witch hunting operation '?

"I want to apply for that operation too."

"what?"

And the leader was trying to shook his head. When Seol Yu -jeong, who had been silent for a while, opened his mouth, he spit out the door.

"Suddenly, what are you talking about? When you graduate, you decided to come to your own. But why ..."

"..."

Seol Yu -jeong, who saw the eyes of the leader who asked for an explanation, exhaled and said.

"We have declared publicly in the Supreme Council. For those who set up the ball in this operation, we will reward the permanent citizenship of the capital center and the position of the top council."

"...however?"

"If that much ... your parents will recognize us between us ..."

"her?"

It's not likely crawling The general manager who saw her spit out of a thin voice emerged a ferocious momentum. He felt that there was something, and he slowly opened his mouth.

"What happened. While I don't have it."

"... Actually, they are the conditions they put in. He told me to participate in this operation and to set up a ball.

"What is that ...!"

Infuriated, the stagnation stood up. There was only one reason why they were not formally engaged until they were already deep. The decision of the black lotus, the head of the head of the head.

Seol Yu -jeong is an excellent wizard who has already expressed incense. If you are a normal family, you would like to accept her with a double number to improve your bloodline. However, the Black Route is a axis of five families, a famous family.

The interior of the Black Route, which was united in aristocratic thinking, desperately opposed their union. In particular, the mother's opposition was severe.

Because her origin is a scholar from a pussy village who does not even exist.

"It's been a long time even if you cross the line. Dare ...!"

"Don't do that!"

Seol Yu -jung hugged the general manager who was trying to turn to the inside and outside. Then he saw him a bit true and spoke in a loud voice.

"It's okay. I understand them. The difference is too much."

"I don't understand. I'm good, but what's the problem."

The leader shook his head hard. His hands still had trembling due to anger. The girl who saw him laughed bitterly.

"I didn't say it at all, what."

"Never. Did you have a huge reward in the Supreme Council? It means an operation that is accompanied by such a risk. How do you ..."

"It's okay."

She hugged her as if she put a driver in her arms. And the unique fresh particle scent spreads everywhere.

The manager enjoyed his favorite aroma as if he had a breath for the first time. The girl who stroked his head gently opened his mouth like a whisper.

"In fact, I need to prove."

"I don't need that."

"I don't know my skills? It's a magical company that expresses the incense. He can deal with it with one hand.

"but..."

"Or what is it? You can't believe me now?"

She turned the ball's ball like clay, and sent her eye-eye. In the eyes of the eyes, the general manager finally nodded slowly.

"... I believe."

Seol Yu -jung smiled as if he was relieved. And slowly lips while matching the eyes and the eyes It was removed.

"Don't worry. I'll come back with the qualifications next to you with my strength. Wait a little while. Okay?"

"..."

There will be no one who refuses to say that. The director hugged her on behalf of the answer. After a long time, he opened his mouth in a sinking voice.

"Would you just run away? Black route and throw it away. Go to the periphery, go to the west country, go to Yamatai on the east ..."

"Ha? It's. I don't want to die. I want to listen to my wife later."

"I'm honestly honest."

"... Fuhu."

"Fuch ..."

The little laughs rang like chorus. The cluttered graduation ceremony is over. The leader returned to the northern part of his dispatch, and Seol Yu -jeong volunteered for the witch hunting operation and left the cradle.

In less than a month, the leader heard her missing news.

***

"Hey, huh ...!"

The leader was gasping and running through the dark forest. The expression showed a glimpse of the nervous and urgent color.

"Damn, Damn, Damn ...!"

He spit out a rough swear word. In the meantime, the pupils returned from all directions and were engaged in search around.

"I didn't send it like that too ...! I should have dried ... It's like a stupid baby ...!"

The general manager said. Witch hunting operations returned to certain failures. 9 % of the personnel were evaporated, and the core cities of several places turned into more ruins.

At least there was no harvest. The Republic was able to figure out the information of enemies wrapped in the veil all the time through some survivors.

The fact that the identity of the witch is a parasitic creature that contains extreme dangers, not a black wizard or an experimental body, the use of the arts that cannot be explained by magic, the ability of common name power, and the only way to kill them is the only way to kill them.

The Supreme Council, who grasped the information, organized a squadron to carry out the second witch hunting operation. Among them, they listened to the missing news of Seol Yu -jeong and were the leader who turned around, and his sisters who could not leave him alone.

The manager killed the strong witches one by one, desperately looking for the news of Seol Yu -jung. And the forest in this area was the last place she saw.

"Wait a minute! Hyuk! Go a little slowly ...!"

I heard the sound of my sisters shouting behind him. Already, they were continuing their troops without sleeping all three days. There were dozens of strands standing in the eyes of the leader.

"Cheoncheon Hiwa! I'll go first !! "

"for a moment...!"

Sisters' voices are far away. The general manager did not look back and caught the forest. And finally I was able to find a person's sign.

A vacant lot with a soft moonlight. It was a familiar back that must be seen in the middle. It was all broken and hesitant in a self -defense, but it was not easy to find out.

"Yoo Jung Ah ...!"

"..."

The director shouted her name in a tension for a moment. But I did not hear the answer.

And an unknown anxiety and tension began to eat his body.

"Well ... Ah?"

His pupils are greatly expanded. The thumping heart sound was enough to hear my ears.

Finally, the shadow that was standing slowly turned slowly. Jung -in, who was looking for such an alarine, appeared in front of him with a strange appearance.

"iced coffee..."

In my mouth, I heard something that sounds like a strange machine instead of a nice greeting. In one eye, which was originally clear like a lake, only black holes remained. Just like something has been forced to go in.

She sent an unknown and cold gaze to the leader with one eye left. There was no cozy affection.

"Oh, hello."

Soon, the existence was squeaked and twisted as if he had greeted him. The dry lips spit out a strange voice.

"Ah, ah, ah, hello.

It was a moment when his eyes were deep despair.

******************************* Chapter 280 *******************************

Huh-The being who occupied the body of a lover twisted the joints. On top of that hand, particle fragments were made to be clearly renovated.

But particle fragments were broken before they were created. The witch looked down at his trembling hand.

"Enemy, hostile, action, rejection, rejection.

"..."

The leader was looking at the scene with a dazed eye without lifting the blade. With the reason for the unreasonable and unrealistic loss that has come for a moment.

"Body, memory of the body."

The witch shook his head and muttered. Soon, with the sound of tearing of the skin, the remaining eyes were completely back. Like you want to see the brain's memory.

"Objects, perceptions, residues, residual hormone levels, levels, hard, increase. Afterwards, reasoning."

The divided voice like a dry land gradually regained its original appearance. This was even more desperate for the leader. The existence of the existence in front of him was the voice of the one who was once his lover.

"..."

My heart is so tingling. The size of his despair now could not be dare to gauge.

There is only one sure. Lee Hyung -jong eats a person's brain, goes into the place, and occupies his body and reborn as a witch.

In other words, his lover is already dead.

All that remains is the body that does not die even if it dies.

"Hyuk,"

"That's ...!"

Subsequently, the sisters who followed the leader arrived at the scene. They seemed to immediately grasp the situation just by looking at the firm.

It was like the older sisters who were hardened to protect the leader.

Subsuk, Surke.

It seems that a bird is sprouting in the witch's empty eyes, and the complete eyes fill the place. Soon after seeing the leader, he mimics the clear voice of his life and greeted him as if it was nothing.

"I missed you, Hyuk."

"...!"

The general trembled. At the same time, the witch's back, which smiled silently, split, and five thorny tentacles popped out.

-Wedge !!

"be careful!"

"The barrier ...!"

The tentacles that fluttered in the air flooded at them at a time. My sisters were right to respond.

-Quang!

Suddenly, the shadow from the back wielded the blade. The tentacles that ran sharply with him lost their strength and fell to the floor with the sound.

A cheated soil dust happened once. The general manager, who slept with his sisters, was holding his blade with his trembling hands.

"... don't come out."

He opens his dry lips I spit out my dry lips. The pupils were not as lively as those of the body.

"But alone ..."

"Absolutely, don't interrupt."

"Hyuk, ..."

"At least as long as ... I have to send it."

He was also the main point in his sisters.

It is a transcendental willpower that comes out. This is even more so when he thinks that his heart has been torn.

Ahe-The blood flowed down from the head of the general manager. He aimed exactly the end of the blade towards the witch's head.

The attitude of the witch who imitated the memory seemed to have caused his anger.

"Um ... is this not? The memory is right ... why is the reaction ..."

The witch shook his head and shook his head. The general manager went straight to it without responding.

"..."

The witch was looking at him with a soft smile. This time, ten thorny bones popped out of their spine and ran to the leader.

-Wedge !!

-bang! Quang !!

"Well ...!"

Each conflict spreads heavy shock waves everywhere. The winds that my sisters could not be able to take care of their ears rang out.

"Dare, dare to ... !!"

The leader muttered with his eyes. He exchanged dozens of times at the beginning of the witch and a rough workshop.

-Chou!

The top blade tentacles passed through his body and left a deep raw. There were some scars I knew.

Whenever I asked the origin, the general manager only squeezed my head instead of the answer. But somehow, the pupils are still clearly remembered.

Now I think I know why.

"Dare, dare to ...!"

But the witch was not the opponent of the leader. Every time he wielded his arms, he was cut off. The speed at which he wielded the blade was far exceeding the witch's playback speed.

In a short time, winners and losers were set. And his blade was finally on the verge of picking up the witch's head.

"Old, save me, Hyuk ..."

I heard a pathetic voice full of fear. The witch that overturned Seol Yu -jeong's leather appealed to him with tears.

"I, I'm so scared ... Please, please help me ..."

"Well ..."

The leader distorted his face painfully. He could not know that it was an obvious masterpiece. The teardrops of tears only dulled his knife for a while.

But even the time, the time is enough for the monster to decorate the conspiracy.

-Fu!

Silental evil A laugh covers tears. Then the sound of tearing the skin rang in the forest of the night.

And the leader vomited blood with his mouth.

"Are you deceived?"

"Cough ...!"

"I'm stupid. Are you going to this shallow number? Anyway, it's a lower life ..."

The long nails of the witch, who had the tail of the mouth, smashed the chest of the leader. His limbs lost their power and lined up towards the floor.

"Hyuk!"

"no!!"

The sisters who watched the scene screamed astonished. They rushed to the witch, forgotten. And the witch raised his left hand and tried to shoot particle fragments to his sisters.

I wanted to see if the right arm of the manager, which had been stretched without power, was in a moment, and I put the blade exactly in the witch's brow.

-Fu!

"Ki -Ik !!

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013D0H5BLBJOGTSBEQ09WUUNLAY81VXPLAZNEWFV6AFROTJVWVGLY9TCA

The leader rolled the floor. The witch who threw him struggled with pain, grabbing his face with both hands. The ears of a bizarre scream as if their ears are torn.

"Hey ... Cool Luck, Cool Luck ...!"

"Hyuk! Are you okay?"

"Blood, blood ...!"

The older sisters soon looked at the leader. Their complexion was tired of seeing the blood from the chest.

And I heard someone's voice.

"River, strong ... mine, man."

The witch was twisting and squatting, and he was sending a sculpture to them. The shape was even more terrible because of the melted skin with the aircraft.

"Congratulations, congratulations. Female, girlfriend's head, put a knife in person. Ha, haha."

"Don't listen!"

Sehwa's sister closed his ears. He was looking at the body of a lover who loses his shape with dazed eyes.

"End, end, don't think.

"Don't listen ...

The leader pushed Sehwa sister and raised her body. As if he was almost raised, he reached out to his lover.

"no..."

"Wow, we will present, despair."

"No ... Yoo Jung -ah, no ..."

"That, sweet taste ... smart, hi ..."

And the witch was proud. The manager looked down at the body with a stupid movement.

"No, no ..."

Chiik-hot steam rose and the body began to melt. Like Betelgeus, who killed in the first city.

-Thi interests ...

The general manager shouted as if he was screaming, but the body quickly disappeared without a trace. Where is his lover now? It did not remain.

"Ah, ah ah ...!"

What filled the air at night was a man crying in the pain.

***

"Bleeding is too bad ..."

The sisters were leaving the forest with the support of the stadium. Chaewon's sister bite her lips because she didn't have a bandage.

Similarly, Jean sister, who was nervous, was chin to her.

"If you go 3km, there's a 12th Regiment Ginseng. If you go there, you can save it."

"Let's hurry ..."

There was a 12th Regiment, which is the leader of the leader and mental holder, Baek Yu -jun, as the commander. The sisters alternately supported the leader and took a step toward it.

But what welcomed them was the sight of the garrison that was messed up with blood and fire.

"uh...?"

Sisters spit out a dazzling voice. The air of heavy death fluttered at the tip of the nose.

-In -ik, Jiik.

And in hundreds of corpse piles, someone is in turmoil.

It was two shadows that appeared soon. The person standing at the back was a small girl with a tall girl. In the bear doll in his hand, the thread stretched out and was tightly holding the man in front.

The girl was smiling a pleasant smile on this hell. Every time she twisted the tomb's joints, the man in front of him showed a strange movement along with him.

And Baek Yu -jun, who was tied to the witch's thread and lived his troops, finally aimed at them with a dazed eye.

"no..."

The leader sat down with a vain face.

***

-Thi interests ...

Another fight. At the end, the girl's body with a bear doll was melting. Finally, Baek Yu -jun laid on the floor and spit out the blood.

"Okay, 컥 ..."

"..."

The leader sat with kneeling in front of him. His eyes were so dark that they would not even despair.

There was a deep wound in Baek Yu -jun's chest. The form of the trace was exactly exactly the day of the blade.

It was the only way to save him from the witch's joke.

"Ker, Jaehyuk, is it Jaehyuk ..."

Baek Yu -jun opened his mouth as a pupil that came back a bit. The director who saw him nodded hard.

"... come."

"Uh, what's going to happen, me, my, my troops ..."

"..."

Baek Yu -jun, who spit out the pieces of lungs from his mouth, turned his head hard. After confirming the messed upstanding landscape, he opened his mouth quietly.

"Me, I, Kill, Killed, Go what."

"..."

"Not, but he's, to the father, to the lungs."

"..."

"Wow, our dreams, mine, I ..."

"... don't worry."

Finally, the general manager struggled. He aimed at Baek Yu -jun's lying on the blade.

His life was already going on danger. Ending quickly was to relieve his pain.

"You didn't kill anyone. The honor of your family will not be damaged. And you will be praised forever."

-Fu!

And he digs into the man's neck lying down. The body fluttered once was hardened and did not move.

***

"... I am sentenced to eight years of punishment for the defendant."

Military Court. The hammer sounded three times. The head of the restraint was shaking like a ghost without looking at the judge.

The witch hunting was over, but the general manager stood in court for committing a ploven on Mado. He ended up with the reason for the reason for the murder of Baek Yu -jun.

It was a speculation that he tried to remove their successor at the end of the witch hunting operation at the end of the witch hunting operation.

"Even though I have committed taboos, considering that the Black Route has made a great contribution to the Republic ...."

"This is ridiculous !!"

And there was a turmoil in the corner of the court. The impression of a man screaming with his seat was very familiar.

Baek Yu -jun, and his father's father, Yeon -yi's father.

Afterwards, he tries to put the witch's power and put the Republic in his hands. 100 days of Pacheon.

"The author killed my son !! My precious eldest son !!"

He shouted at the leader and shouted. In any case, it was not seen by acting. Before dying, Baek Yu -jun's words ... until then, he may have really cared for a child.

"But it's just an 8 -year -old penalty !!

"She is quiet! No matter how much you tell me to say that you are a man of the ruling of the court ..."

"My son, my son ... ah !!"

The turmoil showed no signs of calming. In fact, his argument was rather justified. The Black Route only prevented the death penalty after mobilizing all the power.

It was the opposite ending that the manager who lost everything wanted.

"Cursed, Black Lotus! Cursing you ...! Your eyes will flow the same blood! Must ...!"

"The defendant has been around for the next eight years, and from external I will defend the Republic. So that you can faithfully perform your mission and repent of your sins. "

"..."

The leader was shaking as if he had no self, even in turmoil. The landscape of the court was reflected in his stupid eyes.

His motives, including Professor Kwon Chan -yeol and Professor Shin Jae -yu, who gathered their heads on one side and cried on one side, and Professor Kwon Chan -yeol and Professor Shin Jae -yu.

And now the year of the cradle.

"... disciples."

Haewolhwa stood in front of him, tied up by a rope. She was called in a voice that felt guilty.

"... Master."

"I'm sorry ... If I went out of the capital without keeping the capital ... this happens ..."

"it's okay."

The manager wrote down.

"It's not the fault of Master. You ... I do not reprove."

"ah..."

Leaving the principal who lamented, the leader stepped back. Outside the court, another familiar man was waiting for him.

I was also familiar.

"Hey, he's ..."

The mother's mother was not much different at that time and now. In her cautious voice that calls herself, the general manager turned an insensitive eye.

It was a trace of emotions. Even despair, anger, and even thin family.

"I, I ... like this ..."

"Congratulations. I finally achieved the meaning you wanted."

His mother was forced to open his trembling mouth. A dry voice that feels cooler than the winter cold wind covered her words.

"There will be no mixed blood in the black lotus in the future. Forever."

"More, dirty piranes ..."

"Why do you do it new?

"I, I ... I ..."

The head of the general manager who saw his mother who could not respond properly was coldly twisted. After passing the inside and outside, he headed to the convoy waiting for him.

And just before boarding, he stopped and said.

"I won't forgive you. Eternal."

"Ah, ah ..."

His mother fell down with screams close to screams. The general manager did not look back on the vehicle.

And time passes. As the paragraph of the newspaper article passed by, it was a bangle in front of you.

The Black Route entered a long chip with all the positions. And the newly injured red and Pacheon fought a strong conflict every day to eat their interests. The witch hunting operation is over, but the confusion of the Republic did not show any signs of end.

Once than anyone The brilliant general crashed to the invisible floor. He stayed in the periphery without returning to the family after the punishment unit. It was just killing and killing all the wicked things in the world as if they were relieved.

And the sisters gave up all their status and authority and followed the leader and headed to the periphery. After time. The general manager regained his feelings, but there was still no way to fill the empty sense of loss.

The surrounding area is getting darker. Finally, as the door of the theater was closed, the view was dark.

***

And I woke up from my dream.

"Hey ...!"

With a deep breath, the air suddenly sucked into the lungs. I instinctively looked around and looked around.

And in an unfolded unfamiliar environment, I had no choice but to spit out a bewildered voice.

"uh...?"

-Long ...

The shallow water coming to the ankle continued over the horizon. The blue -blue sky and the clouds were reflected, so I felt as if I was floating in the sky.

The scene I had never seen before was very embarrassed. In the meantime, it was a voice of someone from the bedside to remind us of consciousness.

"Oh, did you wake up?"

"omg!"

When I turned my head, I breathe. Now, a very familiar woman was looking down at me with a back.

It is a face that has already been tired of past memories and faded photographs. I even know her name.

Lovers of the leader. And a woman of misfortune who was killed in the hands of the manager after being stolen by the witch.

Seol Yujeong.

"..."

It turns round and round even at the moment of the head. Seol Yu -jeong is a person who died earlier. It's never happening to have a conversation with me now.

If so, what is in front of you now ...

"This witch year!"

After finishing the judgment, I got up and got a posture.

"It's really tired! How did you survive? Uh?

-Then!

"ouch!"

But I was so much that I was raising the momentum. With the intense pain of the forehead, the star bounced in the view.

I reflexively touched my forehead. The woman in front of her was looking down at me with an ax, raising his hand on the waist dance.

"This guy! What the hell is this?"

"Who ...?"

I muttered bewildered. But looking down me?

Suddenly, when I turned my view down, I showed me on a clear water like a mirror.

"uh?"

I spit out a stupid voice. It was a small and dry kid who was shining on the surface.

Just two years ago, I was the most pathetic and weak .

The well -trained upper body and big tall were not seen where they went. As a result, the voice is also very.

... What the hell is this?

"..."

I turned to the woman in front of you. She was still looking at me with a painful expression, but in that way, she didn't feel a handful of wickedness.

I only asked her with a little bit of her hostility.

"... Are you yourself?"

"Once."

Sighing, she then quit staring at me.

"Exactly it should be called a residual memory. Or dregs? Anyway, it's the same as the original ..."

"Remain ... remember?"

I was trying to understand what Seol Yoo's answer means. The late memory began to be pushed into my head like a wave.

I finally could think of everything. The identity of the unfamiliar space is still unknown, but it was as clear as the causality that came here.

I still felt someone's warmth in my palm.

"Am I ... dead?"

I already guessed, but it was a question I spit out for confidence.

The woman nodded with a soft smile.

"Well, that's right."

******************************* Chapter 281 *******************************

Well, I really died. It is definitely realized by listening to it through others' mouths.

Of course, this does not mean that emotional fluctuations are. Rather, that's a new reaction.

It was a planned life in the first place. Even at the end, I succeeded in protecting everyone. What can be so bad for the death?

It's really nothing.

really.

"..."

"What do you think?"

Suddenly the voice came to mind my thoughts. Seol Yu -jung ... but Yoo Jung -jung was looking down at me and shook his head.

"... nothing."

I shook my head as if I broke something. If you think about it, it's no use. Didn't you just hear it? I'm dead.

"But ... Where are you here?"

I asked Yoo Jung's sister as if he was turning the topic. Death can be willing to accept, but that does not solve other questions.

Clear blue sky, clump clouds, endless lake lake ...

It's a wonderful landscape that's so wonderful, but it's not seen as one of heaven or hell.

"Four images embodied in fusion with the lord's consciousness of the witches."

Yoo Jung -jung, who saw me, opened his mouth.

"Legion consciousness ...? Sim ...?"

I was tilted to the answer I couldn't understand. I smiled as if my sister understood my confusion.

"Well, the difficult story later ..."

She sat down on the floor. Then I saw me and knocked my side with my palm.

"Would you like to come here?"

"..."

It wasn't a matter of thinking alone anyway. I squat and squat with a little distance from her.

-with a splash...

Obviously, even though the ankle is locked in the lake, it doesn't feel much water. That doesn't mean the clothes are wet.

It was a passage that made it possible to realize that this is not the reality of physics law.

"Why do you sit so far? Long close."

"I don't like it."

I shook my head in awkward mind. I feel like I'm not only in appearance but also my personality.

... maybe this is my real look hidden under the mask and the trained body. She said this is my concrete image ...

"Fuhu ..."

My sister, who saw me squeaking, looked up and laughed. Anyway, I don't feel very pleasant.

"If you have any questions, ask this sister. I will answer everything."

She I said that I guessed my confusion. I thought about it for a while and asked a question.

"I said that I had to remove myself ... what exactly does that mean?"

"I don't think it's hard. Just literally."

In the voice of Seol Yu -jeong, I didn't feel any emotions.

"I have seen everything? I slept for a long time."

"... perhaps."

She looked down at me and asked. I nodded my head and felt very sad. Well, it's time to be pushed by a woman with a sitting key.

"Is that your memory? Or ..."

"Everyone's memory. My memory, the memories of witches. There's Hyuk and the kids ... I have the memories of your sisters.

She looked at me with her fingers and said.

"Anyway, then ... how did I die?"

"...yes."

"..."

Yoo Jung -jung, who heard a reluctant answer, smiled a bitter smile. She was the first to show her first emotion.

"I wanted to build a ball, so it was happening because it moved separately. I was in a hurry.

"..."

She looked at herself in sleep for a while and opened her mouth in a little subscribed voice.

"Besides, it was a time when the witch's identity was not yet known. If they knew it was such a being, I would have been more careful ..."

She muttered in a mixture of regret and suddenly grabbed her shoulders and trembled.

"Does it make sense? The last memory when you are alive is a tentacle monster. Uh ... it's really terrible."

"... yes."

I had no choice but to answer the joke to shake off my sadness. I also know why she felt impatient.

It is also possible to know the conversation of the dirty blood and the interior of the Black Route.

"Anyway, at first I knew that I was so dead. No, it's right, but ..."

Yoo Jung said, turning the topic.

"Some of the memories that flowed into my brain were re -formed in the military consciousness of the witches. That's me in front of you."

She tapped her head with her finger.

"Well, that's not like this from the beginning. The first decades were floating in a state of no self and mixed with witches. At that time, they were part of the vast memories they absorbed."

Sister who was immersed in the story I looked down at me and said.

"Then I barely regained the right to control. Thanks to the disappearance of the witch's top consciousness that destroyed the nest and suppressed the self.

"... I don't have to thank you."

I muttered, avoiding the teasing gaze. I'm not doing a good tribute. Already Yoo Jung is dead. But in this ambiguous form, I was trapped in what was a military consciousness or what it was ...

Sorry, sorry hovered around the tip of the tongue. My sister is just smiling as if he doesn't know my speed.

"... I don't have to do that. I wanted to talk with you once. No matter what, he's handing over the place of the successor."

"... now it's all in vain."

"What? Whoop ..."

When she answered, she laughed and laughed. I asked as if I turned an uncomfortable topic.

"But if it was mixed between the witches' consciousness ... Is there any other information you know? For example, their identity ..."

It was another curiosity that I had all the time. Everybody knows that the body of the witch is Lee Hyung -jong, a clumsy alien life. However, except that he would have been on the Earth on the meteorite during the day of the day, it was known about their sources.

Is there a dory of the origin of alien life that has fallen out of nowhere?

"Ancient life born with the beginning of the universe. That's the identity of the witches."

And she answered without blockage.

"In some ways, it can be seen as a small universe itself. The power they deal with is the power to be used because it is in contact with the will of the universe."

"... it's quite huge. But it's like understanding. Power is a miracle rather than magic.

Well, now I want to come and find out what's good.

"In the beginning, they were living creatures that lived with heartworms. I came to the earth for breeding."

"breeding?"

"huh."

Yoo Jung noded his head.

"They can only breed in an environment in the atmosphere with a lot of particle concentrations. So they send the meteorite to the place where the particles are directly felt, and they are dormant and dormant when the grounds of the ground are enriched by the chain of life. It is the unity and a thousand witches. After the breeding on the erosion, overload the particle energy to blow up the planet and head to the next planet with its propulsion.

"...thank you."

The horse continued like a fast shooter. I was curious, but I honestly don't know what it was.

I think it's not very important.

"But you said that this is in the witch's military consciousness."

Perhaps the important question is ... something else.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013MKZPR0G4z1ayt3bjk1fxq0RQ0RQ0RQ0RQ0RQ0RK5UY1HJWF6AVHAVHWUVQ2ZASTLXPVCQ

"We can go out here?"

"No? Can't go out."

Yoo Jung -jeong answered immediately. It was rather embarrassing at a cool speed.

"I'm trapped forever. Well. We have to live here."

"..."

"Hmm? It's not a favorite face?"

She looked down at me and asked.

"There's a pretty sister with this pretty sister, but if you are a boy, shouldn't you like it?"

"... I hate older women. It's fifteen years old ...

At the moment, the witch was the horrible momentum from the side. As I closed my mouth immediately, I noticed.

"Hmm, who's not his brother ..."

My sister, who was staring at me, muttered as if he was not good at pouting his mouth.

"Are you having a habit?"

"... I'm sorry ..."

"It's okay. I'm still young, so I can make a mistake. Yes, I can understand."

"..."

"But I want you to be sure? I died at the age of nineteen. I don't know what this means? I mean forever, it means that I am nineteen years old, and I only have to be one year old.

"I did it wrong ..."

At the words that followed like a fast shooter, I had no choice but to apologize. Soon after, the ugly momentum disappeared.

It is true that I feel very heartbroken. Isn't that the way you can't die or live?

It's nice, but ... I have to be forever in this place?

"Do you want to go back?"

"That is, of course ..."

I asked if my older sister felt my upset. I tried to answer immediately, so I shut up.

After a while, I was in trouble.

I shook my head horizontally, not vertically.

"...no."

******************************* Chapter 282 *******************************

"Why? Isn't it unfortunate?"

My sister, who heard the answer, opened his eyes as if it were surprising.

"You've died too early. Everyone is there."

"I did enough. I'm so tired and tired."

The family and friends of the village were killed in a plot. Barely the lives were saved by the leader, but no rest came.

Since then, he has entered the Academy and has been intertwined with women who do not want it. As one high status, only one knows it, and one person is bad.

Even a fictional day, biting each other, growls, and fights.

"There's a new successor of the Black Ryeon ... It's really burdensome. It's a duty of the family.

"Yes, yes."

"I have grown up my lifetime as a lifting of the periphery. But what would I do?

I was telling her on the back of her heart. Things that have not told anyone in the meantime ... Well, what's the use of dying?

"... it must have been hard, really."

My sister, who was quietly listening to my struggle, laughed softly. Has raised her hand and stroked my head.

"Our kid, I've been struggling a lot."

"Oh, don't treat it."

I deliberately struck and said bluntly. My sister, who saw it, brought her hand to her mouth as if she laughed.

"Oh? The kids must say that."

"Profit ... Really ...!"

"Fuhu ..."

Eventually, my sister laughed lightly. I was embarrassed and looked nicely.

After a while. She stopped smiling and quietly opened her mouth.

"... but do you want to see?

"Well, that's right."

I deliberately answered calmly. Otherwise, something hidden in the inside seemed to pop out.

"Are you worried? Can they live well where you are there."

"... can it be a star. I'm already dead. I just want to keep my last party."

"You know? Pacheon and redness. Those children are never those people."

"..."

"If you divide good and evil in quantitative, rather the latter is the kids. You know more than anyone else?"

hmm. And my sister began to touch the gear hidden.

"The girls who were born in a natural qualities of the ruler, who were born with no natural arrogance, talented talents, and feelings of others and dear. "

"..."

"I would rather choose to broke rather than bend. And there were only one person who could control them. But the only person died ..."

"... what do you want to say?"

Every time she opened her mouth, she stabbed my heart like a long awl. I don't think there's an answer, so I'm not worried about it.

Yoo Jung -jung looked down at me with a face that couldn't read his thoughts. She was close to her for a long time and opened her mouth again.

"Not that? If it was originally, the world should have been in the hands of the witches this time."

"What?"

"That's not the only way. Bio -structure optimized for hiding their weaknesses while acquiring the enemy's advantages ... It is their creatures designed to stand at the superiority of all creatures."

"..."

"I don't know the first generation, but I have never blocked their second generation.

"miracle...?"

I was bewildered by my sister's words. She slowly opened her lips.

"How did you know? The sympathy you gave to a small and weak cat will come back like this."

"If you are a cat ... are you talking about peanuts?"

At her words, I recalled a small cat with half a mix of amber and cream. So, is Sua okay? By now, I'm waking up and looking for me ...

"huh."

My sister nodded lightly.

"The original child ... Polaris was a witch who was destined to lead us to destruction."

"..."

"The power to control the particles itself. That's why it is the reason for the king's power. You know? Yes.

I nodded. The story has already been heard directly to Sua. However, unlike other witches, I didn't even remember the reason why I had a cat's form.

"The blockade of the original is enough to cover the entire land. But the power was too strong, so the witch's eggs that did not endure him were broken. Before the body mature."

Maybe you can hear that today. My sister said that she was together with the consciousness of the witches.

"Polaris, exposed to a harsh environment, had to dig into the corpse of the kitten nearby as he urgently. But the child's death was a planned procedure. It's only the body of intelligence. "

Was the witch not the other beast, but the only reason for humans?

"But in front of the child who is about to die ... you appeared."

I remembered my sister's work when I was young. Was it about it when I was close to my awkwardness.

Which Sunday. She came every day and she had picked up a kitten that died.

However, I could see that I was the worst even if I saw it. Moreover, it is almost impossible to find someone who will see animals in the lack of intention to cure people.

But I couldn't reject Yeon's earnest eye. I squeezed my head like that.

After his fingers, he fed the cats that fell from there.

At first my blood. The following is the blood that says that I can't get hurt only.

Of course, I didn't expect much. It was just a book. I even heard a big nagging for my mother.

And the next day. The kitten miraculously survived and appeared in front of me again.

"Thanks to the blood of the intellectual body, Polaris barely risked his life and could take their own shape. Although he needed a few years to form the body."

"Peanuts ... Why did Sua didn't appear from the beginning?"

"Yes. And in the process ... unconscious contracts have occurred."

"contract...?"

"The child handed over all his magic and power to you in return for saving his life. And the power he has passed has changed his body incompletely. That's why you can use magic and power, and at the same time, you have lived the life of the time limit."

"... It's the same reason that the egg is broken. You can't get the heavy power completely with the body of the insensitivity.

"that's right."

My sister nodded.

"... but suddenly why did you talk about this suddenly?"

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVAVDADUZANERVDADUZANRUYXEGIY0JNQYTJNQYTJMOXMOXMMOFMNIWUFFMWJZOULTS3HLVP1EG

"That's because the witch is not over yet."

"What?"

"You're the second generation witches. All the hatching is killed, but the next eggs are still dormant."

"How much is it ..."

"Total 144,000."

"..."

Beyond expectations I couldn't shut my mouth on the number. And my sister still spoke casually.

"So far, the hatched witches are just the tip of the iceberg.

"... Yes. There are so many.

"Witches will hatch every cycle and seek us. But can you stop them without four power?"

"..."

It was something you could know without answering. The nervousness was bound to the heart. What I left is not calm, but another fight. Even without me ...

"Are you worried about them?"

"..."

"You don't want to go back? I really think so ..."

"Oh, really!"

And I screamed at the continued question.

"I'll admit it! You can do it! I want to go back! I'm worried about it!"

Yeah, that's a bad sister broke my heart that the gear was hidden.

"But what do you have already died! You said you said! There's no way to get out of here! Who are you teasing now?"

"..."

"The general is really strange once! How can you like this bad person?

"You're not you. You should say."

A cool voice comes from the side while bursting in anger. I stopped talking and turned my head. My sister's eyes were smiling, but the mouth did not move as if it was frozen.

"Huhhu, this spoiled kid is like a kid ..."

She grabbed her fist and repeatedly bloomed. It is quite scary that the blood vessels are swollen every time.

I only knew that I was squeezing my head. But it was a calm voice that was heard throughout the field of view.

"But ... I said well."

I opened my eyes slightly. I saw my sister's face smiling calmly while looking at me.

And with him, he could see the blue sky that collapsed silently over the horizon.

-Shoya ...

The wind without fire was tickling the face. The water that rises to the ankle has gradually decreased as if it was sucked somewhere.

The space was clearly collapsed. Inwhelmed, I asked my sister.

"... this?"

"Your body is playing. It's a good witch's gift."

"Good ... witch?"

"Your precious friend, Jena."

******************************* Chapter 283 *******************************

"Jena ...?"

I was bewildered. It was a familiar name, but is he in the situation now?

"Did you eat the cookie he gave before leaving the away?"

Yoo Jung -jung, standing behind the falling sky, spoke casually. I answered her words.

"... I ate. But suddenly why ...?"

"Think about what's in the cookie."

I fell into mystery. Jena's colorful cookies. It was delicious and sweet enough to feel almost addiction. Originally, I put a few in my mouth even though I don't enjoy snacks.

I was curious about the ingredients inside.

So I asked Jena. And Jena was ashamed and answered with a red face.

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVCKV0DADRA1DUDHVIEDRKW5KMLONXDIYUXNE1GM2NRZJF0SVLMNNMXZQ

What did you say? clearly...

"... the blood of the witch?"

"Answer."

I spit out. The sister who heard the answer nodded satisfactorily.

Then he pulled his tongue slightly and played naughty.

"I'm sorry. I can't go back to be a lie."

"...yes?"

"I needed to confirm your will. It's not a decision that pushes someone back.

Tok Tok-My sister who tapped his head raised the body that squats. Kugung-The falling sky was getting closer to us.

"... maybe you will be able to regain consciousness in a few minutes."

She murmured, looking at the sight. Somehow, it was a voice that melts.

She turned her head and laughed.

"Good? It's good. I was able to go back to those who wanted to see."

"How is that possible? I definitely died of sand."

"The body is just a bowl. And the bowl can be replaced with different things. The important thing is the mind.

"I don't understand well. What is the connection between Jena's Fire and the situation?"

I asked at a moment.

"The witch argument that was mixed in that blood is playing your body."

My sister, who turned on once, said.

"Did you learn in the cradle? The particles are a substance that interacts closely with the consciousness of a person, and magic is a phenomenon."

"yes."

"You can think of it as the principle of operation that is not much different from him. The witch argument is a substance that responds closely to the willingness to survive. That And you just hit the sound of the witch argument.

"that..."

"In fact, the consciousness of your consciousness is due to the mix of witch arguments in your body. The witch argument in the blood synced your mind to the legional consciousness of the witches. And now, the last puzzle is matched."

"..."

I was only listening to her. Honestly, I couldn't understand it properly, but only one was certain.

It's going back.

So easy.

It's just like a lie.

"I don't have to be so nervous. Because the goodwill you have built up has come back."

My sister said as if he had seen my feelings.

"Spica ... she really wanted to live like an ordinary person. Always suffering from her source."

"Jena ...?"

"And the first thing that came to the child with that hope is our little knight."

Looking down at me, she said with a smile.

"I saved him twice. When I was stolen by Legurus, I did not want a conspiracy that I did not want."

As a result, the first meeting with Jena was the back alley of the capital. I thought it was a passing person, but I didn't know that I was a new birthday.

"... Isn't it too trivial to save the bad boats?

"Um ... I think I'm probably thank you more?"

In my question she shook her head. What else is this?

"Until then, he was trying to suppress his cannibal instincts. I went to rare places on purpose, but when I came up to the capital for entering the cradle, I encountered such bad ships."

"Food ... Instinct?"

"It's one of the impulses that witches feel universally when they see a species. Especially, he would have been hard. Unlike other witches, there was no chance to solve such an urge.

"..."

"If you hadn't had you, he would have been driven in the corner. And he couldn't overcome the impulse, but he would have been able to take off all the bad ships, but if so, he couldn't enjoy his life as a human being.

I speeched at the moment. It was because I didn't know that there was such a situation. If so ... I think I understand why Jena was so close to me.

"I didn't know at all yo. this. Jena would have had a hard time. Is it okay now? I feel urge again ... "

"I don't know anything else, but it's okay now. So you can rest assured."

My older sister said a little playful face.

"If you go out, I'll do it well. Maybe you will be waiting for your return."

"I will."

"In some ways, it can be said to be thanks to you. I want to spend my daily life as an ordinary girl.

"...?"

I shook my head at the words of my sister who didn't understand. Cooking, she spit out her elasticity as if she had forgotten something.

"Well, now you can't say you are an ordinary human?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Witch Son is changing the components of your body. More than they."

When I heard that, I remembered a muddy mollusk. The body of the witch, Lee Hyung -jong.

This is the liquid sample I saw at the secret research institute taken by Mok Jin -woo.

In the world, then I am changing that way now? I think it's better to just die seriously.

"I don't have to look so serious. It's so far."

My sister saw my stupid face burst into laughter.

"You will still be the old you.

"... is it good? If you listen to the explanation ..."

"Of course it's good. In the future, you don't have to worry about your life because of magic. Maybe it's strong enough to turn on the predictions and run all day long?"

I heard the explanation and changed my mind. It's definitely good. I don't have to worry about the time limit anymore.

"Magic and power can be used as before. However, I know that it is the same as before, not the original."

"Is there any side effects?"

"Well? There's no side effect. Is it just a bit of instinctive desire?"

"Instinctive ..."

I closed my mouth without saying. It was clear that it was the story of an embarrassing side.

You should just think that you are more greedy.

"Oh, I remembered side effects. I can't eat tomatoes in the future. Because of the witch's body ingredients, there will be extreme rejection in the tongue."

My sister raised his finger and said. Is it because it feels so trivial? It seems to be built.

"It doesn't matter. Anyway, the tomatoar has a hate."

"What? This guy. I can't use it. So it's so kid."

"If you go out outside, one head is bigger than your sister. Even more than the leader ..."

"Uh, what do you do if you are tall? My heart is so crazy."

"?"

I looked at the sky as I shared a question with her. The falling space is almost half of the world. The sky and the earth disappeared, and the white space gradually filled the empty space.

If it collapses completely under my feet, will it go back to reality?

And suddenly, I turned my head and asked her.

"Sister."

"huh?"

"If I go back to reality ... Then what's going on?"

"..."

She just looked at me instead of the answer. The smile of the loneliness, the smile of the mouth was the same.

The vomiting close to the pain was the heart.

"... you said. I'm already dead 15 years ago."

My sister, who had been closing her mouth for a while, said quietly.

"What I'm talking about now is something close to the debris.

"..."

"This space is a place made by your image. And I am just an unacceptable visitor who has been forcibly squeezed.

It was forced to open the mouth that did not fall. My sister struck my shoulders in an exaggerated attitude as if he was sorrowful.

"Uh, the kid has been killed ... What should I do? Don't worry so much. I'm really nothing."

"but..."

"It's okay. Oh, if you go back, can you tell me to tell me?"

"... what is it?"

"Now stop trembling and let me go."

She raised her fingers and said, popping-laughing.

"Uh, how do you forget how to forget one person for 15 years? The man who is obsessed with is just a bit of a stupid. It's so disgusting.

"..."

"And now I ask you to accept the other kids. You're so sorry. I've devoted all 20s in their 20s.

A pleasant joke like a clown. But so it's even more sad and vain.

At the end of the words, the silence fell for a while. The world that collapses silently has now almost been under our feet. The visible view is white as it snowed.

I hesitated and asked.

"Have you ever How was it when I kept accumulating with this reporter? "

"I wanted to tear and kill."

And Yoo Jung -jung answered without hesitation. Suddenly, the chills were so cold that the chills were soaked.

"I sincerely wanted to tear them under the bitch. Does that make sense? Huh? How are you so in the person who is so unconscious?

Her anger was gradually growing like a smudge. Well, did you ask me?

I can't adapt because I keep saying that with a refreshing face. The director was actually a personality who liked to swear ...

It was around the time to prepare for the end with such a bit of anger.

"... but I'm glad they have them.

My sister, who had been vomiting for a long time, muttered with the momentum.

"If they weren't even they didn't, Hyuk would have died of me. I don't know how fortunate and grateful it is.

"... aren't you lonely? Leaving alone."

-Shoya ...

Finally, the foot was completely collapsed. But I and my sister were still there as if they were still on something.

"A little. But it's okay."

Yoo Jung shook his head and said.

"When I was swallowed by the witch's military consciousness, I saw a little bit of the rules of the universe through them."

"The rules of the universe ...?"

"Yeah. Someday, I and Hyuk will meet again. Be sure."

She shrugged her shoulders lightly.

"Until then, I leave it to them for a while. It will take some time."

Now even the lower part of the god was disappearing. My sister who saw me blurry laughed as if it was a pity.

"It's already farewell. I wanted to talk a little more."

"... I am too."

Yoo Jung's sister slowly walked towards me. Unlike me, she had a perfect body. Unlike me, I belong to here from the beginning.

My sister whispered as if he had embraced my face.

"Sister?"

"Please make a choice not to regret. And I hope you can find the happiness you wanted so much."

And finally, all the bodies collapse and blur. What I saw in front of my eyes was the face of Yoo Jung's sister who met with a bright smile.

I opened my mouth that didn't fall and greeted her farewell.

"good bye."

"Well, little warrior."

My sister answered with a bright smile. Together with him, his view was covered with complete darkness.

of Before I put the string of the expression, it was a thank you for someone's sincerity.

-And thank you. For saving him.

***

-...!

-...!

-...!

I was aware of consciousness. The view was still black, but there was a sound of Moora Ungseongdae in the ear.

I realized that I was closing my eyes. The texture of the limbs was so vivid that it felt like a sense of restraint.

-Which is it?

-It's over there! Obviously there is a brilliance over there ...!

-hurry...!

The noise of the woong was gradually getting closer and clearly distinguished. It is the voice of three people. It's also very familiar.

-Tuk, Tutuk.

And raindrops fell on my face. I want to get a shower.

The taste of the mouth is a salty taste.

"Black, huh ..."

Finally, when I heard the crying sound, I opened my eyes.

"Huh ... Really, really ..."

"Hyuna ..."

"Huh ..."

Dazzling eyes like gold, dark eyes like blood, and clear eyes like emerald.

Three pairs of jewelry filled the vision. The hair along the ball tickled the stretching skin.

New and pretty girls. But what you see is a face that has been bumpy with tears.

But feelings are not sad, but clear joy.

And I realized it.

"Hello, ugly potato."

You are finally back.

******************************* Chapter 284 *******************************

One room with the sun shining in the afternoon.

A man with a bad impression lying on the bed was looking down at his left.

"..."

The space that was empty without arm was still awkward. Sajae -hyuk, who focused his mind for a while and looked at his body, was for a while.

Soon, he burst into a smile-vanity.

"It's over, this."

His fountain did not have a handful of particles. This is because Sam was cut off due to a violent fight.

Now he was not much different from the insensitivity. It was obvious that I would like to get back to the magic later.

The first male wizard for the first time in category 1 has never existed anywhere.

"Huh ..."

A sigh of complicated feelings, Sajae -hyuk stared outside the window.

It's been a few days since I opened my eyes in the hospital's room.

But the peaceful landscape beyond the window was still not as real as a dream.

His last memory was a struggle with the new witches.

It was a moment of confirming the reality of the witches that he had been chased for 15 years, but at the same time he knew he was caught in the witch's traps.

He was stabbed by a witch who occupied the lover's body in the witch hunting operation and lost more than half of his original ability. On the contrary, his rivals came back more powerful.

The communication network was cut off, so even if I asked for support, it did not reach. Even the members tried to retreat, but they were already blocked by retreat. Well, they didn't even listen to the order to throw themselves in the first place.

He began to battle, and he lost.

With a miserable arm cut off.

Because only one end is short. Seeing the witch that mimics the face of a lover, and stupidly shaken.

I thought everything was over, but ...

"..."

He turned his head and fixed his eyes to the newspaper unfolded next to the bed.

Soon, it was easy to confirm the phrase of a special article written.

-Heroes who saved the Republic.

-The courage and weather must be praised forever.

-The death was immortal and went to the battlefield ...

Below the unfamiliar propaganda phrases, the profiles of those who volunteered for this operation were lined up like sesame seeds.

Half of them in cradle uniforms. Among them, the freshmen of the rider, who were praised as a golden generation, were half.

And Sae Jae -hyuk, who discovered a profile of a boy who wrote a mask in it, again laughed.

"Huh, true."

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVBUIZE5OTWT3VUPKL3ZBBLB4 cWtsV0U0a1ZxeHgza09yVmVDdWNtTDdxLw

The first thing he opened his eyes was to grab the ward officials and ask the skewers.

No matter how much you think, it didn't make sense to live here.

It was not a sense of realism, but it was a fantasy that the witches showed.

He was not able to see the officials of the officials only after seeing a newspaper article accumulated like a pile of mountain.

-At rare!

I fell in love with me for a while. The loud noise of the wooden door awakens the tranquil room. It was a male student who just stepped into the room.

Unusually noticeable scars under the left eye, which does not match well.

"It's still a recovery period ... I have to come out for just 10 minutes?

"Don't worry. I will keep your precautions."

A boy in a cradle uniform smiled brightly and greeted the nurse.

"Thank you for helping."

"oh..."

And the nurse escaped the room as if he was flushing on his face as if he did.

The boy was squeezing his head with a bewildered look. Sasa Jae -hyuk, who saw the scene, kicked his tongue as if it was absurd.

"Hey, are you here."

"uh."

Soon, a male student who came back sitting sitting next to Sajae -hyuk's bed. After a few months of reunion, I didn't feel any impression.

The two were just dealing with each other routinely. Say Jae -hyuk, who was still looking at him, hid the inside and asked.

"Why is that woman all of a sudden that?"

"I don't know.

"Hmm, yes?"

"Suddenly why?"

"... nothing."

The denied, Sa Jae -hyuk, thought inwardly.

'I was more scared to have no awareness.'

Then he opened his mouth to look at his notice.

"But now you decided to take off the mask at all?"

"huh."

"Uh, so do it for me. How good are you? Uh?

Saga Jae -hyuk shot bluntly, but he could not hide the eyes of the heart.

If the boy's decision was true, it meant that his decision, which decided to send him to the Academy, had some fruit.

"... it's noisy. It's a mask made by the manager in the first place."

"That's because you smoke it even though it was good. Anyway, it's good. Now it's very thrown away. Don't even think about it. Okay? "

The boy looked dissatisfied with the words of Sa Jae -hyuk. It was obvious that I felt bad about throwing away Bona and Mana masks.

What do you think of your mask as a gift? Food-laughed as if he was teasing a boy.

"Hey, dude. And what did you do at the Academy?

It was scary to end his words, and the boy shook his head.

"... I don't know what."

"'' Cradle, Pacheon and Black Route, Bizarre Triangle of Red Painting ',' Below Sources, Definition Testimony of Second grade Book '

Say Jae -hyuk, who barely endured laughter, said, reading the gossip paragraph next to him. The male student sneaked away from the unfamiliar contents that were heard.

"This child has been recognized since I was not interested in women. The original guys are more sneaky? Even the opponents are Pacheon, Red Hwa, and Baekgwang's ladies.

Tak-Sae Jae-hyuk, who put down the gossip, opened his mouth as if he was teasing.

"What do you do if you get caught by your sisters? They just don't go over like me? Five hours should you listen to nagging?"

"Poetry, noisy."

The boy who listened to him shot as if he was crying.

"I don't want to hear that to the leader? What do you say to me?"

"What's?

"It's useless to find out. I've been looking for it.

"her?"

"Black lotuses, horny ..."

"Cool luck, cool luck ...! How ..."

Sajae -hyuk, who saw a boy who gave his own black history, vomited a cough. In his face, he was powerful on his face.

"Hey, this guy! But I know it's where it is! How surprised me was I listening to me? Uh?"

The article was introduced as one of those who were put into the operation, but Sa Jae -hyuk was immediately known.

The key figure of the last operation is that it is a boy in front of you.

It was also an operation that could not be established without his power in the first place. Perhaps I heard the missing news of myself and the members.

It was a male student who saved Sajae -hyuk's life. It is obvious that you don't have to hear the inside.

Of course, he didn't want a boy to use his knees for himself. That much evil Wasn't it a strong opponent?

It was only possible because he saved him because the miracle overlapped.

"What? Then do you tell me to die?"

At his words, he frowned as if he didn't like it. Saga Jae -hyuk, who laughed at, nodded as if it was natural.

"Do you say that? Of course."

"How are people so irresponsible? It's a life of my sisters."

"Hey. They've said the same with me. They haven't been to the room yet? Be sure to ask later. What do you think."

"Ugh ..."

A male student who was stabbed swallowed a moan. Sajae -hyuk sighed and said.

"I would have been running upside down again. What are you doing? What are you doing? I told you to be cool in all situations.

"Poetry, noisy! Do you want to save it? At least thank you!"

"Huh? Where did this guy shout on? I really need to be beaten to get rid of it? Huh?"

"I don't have any skills.

"What's?

And a long argument continued. This is because both are not words to be solved by Dalian.

The voice has been reduced. A boy who took a moment to breathe and asked Sajae -hyuk and asked bluntly.

"... so what are you doing now."

His gaze was towards the empty arm of Sa Jae -hyuk all the time.

"What do you do? Now, I have to submit the whole world and live quietly."

Sae Jae -hyuk, who ignored the sadness of the eyes, shrugged his shoulders.

"I can't even eat mercenary. I really have to go down to the periphery and build farming ..."

"Then what are your sisters?"

"... I have to go to my way to go, now."

When I heard the question, Sa Jae -hyuk muttered in a little subscribed voice.

"It's better. I should have been driven out. They should tell them to get married before they are older.

"What? Is that what to do with your sisters now?"

The boy shouted at him. I didn't like it.

"How do you know how old your sisters know?"

"Hey, this guy. Do you say that even if you see this?"

He pointed to his empty waters with his opposite hand.

"What do you do with the idiots who don't have arms and don't use magic? Only they have to live. I'm cut off at all ... "

"I, I met him."

The boy said, cut off his words. Saga -hyuk frowned as if he didn't understand.

"... He? Suddenly who?"

"Yoo Jung sister."

"what...?"

And in the name of the coming, Sajae -hyuk opened his eyes. He grabbed the necklace on his neck without knowing his hand.

The boy who looked at the reaction was quietly explained. At that time, and the miracle that happened, his own death, resurrection.

In the meantime, the person I met in my dreams, all the conversations I had with her.

And even what I asked someone to tell me to tell you.

"He ..."

Sajae -hyuk squeezed with a stupid eye. After the explanation, the boy who saw him with a complicated eye quietly added.

"... I'm sorry for him, so I didn't accept my sisters. Stop now. Forget.

"but..."

"Oh, and in fact, my sisters come first."

"what?"

In the words of a natural boy, Sa Jae -hyuk returned his eyes.

"This child. I wanted to come late for the visit."

"For reference, I have already answered. I talked about the arms of the general.

"her?"

"It's a man without ability, so I can live tightly.

"..."

A shrugged boy was staring at Sajae -hyuk as if waiting for the answer. Sajae -hyuk, who saw him, hesitated and opened his mouth.

"Yes ..."

"Oh, really!"

And the boy was annoyed.

"Do it in moderation! If you keep it, I take my sisters and live together?"

"what?"

"Still, you don't regret it? Then you do whatever you want."

"..."

Sak Jae -hyuk looked at the boy who spit out his resolution.

And after a while, after a while.

Eventually he burst into laughter.

"Hey, dude. No matter how much it is."

The smile was ranging in the room. True, he opened his mouth with a regretful expression as he saw a boy.

"I can give you everything else ... they can't."

"... I should have answered like that."

He was a male student who answered in a thrilling voice, but he could not hide his inner satisfaction.

And there was a bell to announce the politics.

The 10 -minute visit was informed of the end.

"I'll go. I'll come again tomorrow ..."

"What comes. It's. I don't need it."

As if Sajae -hyuk chases Paris to a boy who raises his body I went to Hwi Hui.

"You have to get a visit from the black man ..."

"..."

The boy who was staring at him eventually sighed and turned around.

"Okay. Rest."

"Come."

"Go? See you next time ... brother."

"Ugh, stop and go a little ... What?"

And in a word that is hesitant, Sajae -hyuk, who was squeezed out, stopped.

In the room, there was a silence at the moment. Sae Jae -hyuk stared at the door with his eyes open as if he heard an unbelievable joke.

"Well, what did you say now?"

"..."

After a while. Sae Jae -hyuk stuttered and asked a boy. In his voice, the inner joy was buried.

"You've definitely called you?"

"..., why."

Sa Jae -hyuk again asked in a joyful voice. A boy who scratched his head with an awkward face shot.

"I asked you to be brother. So ... you did it."

And finally, a man with a bad personality burst into laughter.

"Fuh, Fuhaha ...!"

"..."

"Oh, this guy will do that. Uh? Hey. Only once again ..."

"It's noisy. I'm really going. I'm busy."

"Ugh, ha ha ...!"

The male student who responded bluntly went out to the hallway as if it were cool. But in the room, there was still a lot of joyful laughter.

The sound was so big that the boy could hear the smile until he left the hallway.

And even in his mouth, a satisfactory smile was small.

***

The cradle of early summer. Under the hundred years old in the middle of the garden.

The two girls in school uniforms were waiting for someone.

Black and white. They had heterogeneous hair as if they were never mixed, but they were the same as their wishes.

After the tragedy, peace came in the world, but the girls still had a moment of choice.

"..."

The two faces were nervous. White Seo -yeon couldn't hide his shaking eyes.

The joy that the boy survived for a while. I swore to respect his choice, but when he was not chosen, he was not confident to afford.

-The buck, that buck ...

And finally, I heard a familiar step toward them. The two girls trembled unknowingly.

Finally, he began to see him beyond the garden. The mask that was always hidden in the boy's face was there. The scars that they always hidden now naturally penetrate his body as part of the body. The boy stopped at a few steps away from them. He hardly stared at the two with a calm face that could not be read.

"... I thought for a long time."

And after the early summer breeze passed through them.

Finally, the boy opened his mouth to announce the moment of destiny.

"My choice is ..."

******************************* Chapter 285 *******************************

"읏 ..."

In the eyes of Lee Hyun's mouth, the tears were in tears. Baek Seo -yeon couldn't see him and leaned his head.

Lee Hyun stopped for a while and stared at them. Unlike the two of the nervous signs, his mouth had a light smile.

And when the clutter sinks a bit.

"My choice is ... both."

Finally, he opened his mouth again and spit out what the two girls didn't even think of.

"uh...?"

"What do you say now ..."

The two opened their eyes. The eyes are embarrassed at the moment. The reaction that seems to have heard no matter what you can't believe.

The two fixed their eyes to Lee Hyun as they asked for an explanation. But his casual expression tells us that the words just said that they were not a joke.

"I lost too much precious people."

Lee Hyun was still shaking in a voice.

"And I almost lost."

He closed his eyes slightly as he recalled a while ago.

"I no longer ... no one wants to lose."

"..."

"I'm sorry. This is not a choice for you. It's only a selfish decision for me."

Lee Hyun bowed slightly. His voice was a bit subsided.

"To swear. You can shout if you don't like it."

"..."

And he faced his eyes with a compassion with Baek Seo -yeon.

The usual hostility, which was expressed towards each other, was thin today. Instead, it was a whirlpool of conflicting emotions.

Slightly embarrassing, weak comrades, but strange relief.

I didn't want to swear at all. It was his words of selfish decision, but it only sounded that he would take all the burden and burden.

One of his sudden declarations was certain.

No one in this position is abandoned.

Including themselves.

"Oh, but I want you to know one."

Lee's voice reminded me of their thoughts. White Seo Yeon turned his head again and compassionate-shaking-shaking.

He was staring at them with a bright smile.

"You don't have a choice. Except to accept me."

A fresh smile like the early summer mountain wind.

But what melted in the pupils was that they were clearly obsessed with ownership and vulnerable desire.

Baek Seo -yeon swallowed his saliva. In her cheeks, there was a light flush.

For a while, she asked a question that she had no choice but to ask.

"only How do we reject ... what happens? "

"I will tie my whole body with a chain and throw it into the basement. Never run away."

"읏 ..."

The answer was immediate. Baek Seo -yeon shook her head again. It was his words that seemed to sin, but she felt a warm sense of stability.

"That, then then ...?"

The compassion was stuttering and asked. I tried to calm, but I couldn't hide my weak expectations.

Lee Hyun stared at her. Then I was still talking with a casual family.

"You'll get a punishment until you repent."

"Huh ..."

I bite my compassionate lips. Suddenly, the impure thought that the bee would not be bad passed by her head.

Somehow, I couldn't face him. Lee Hyun, who had just seen the tension, said, Lee Hyun, who was watching them, said as if he was smiling and declaring.

"You are mine. Forever."

***

"That, yes ..."

The old training room of A -dong is now familiar like a bedroom. The truth was not a training uniform today, but a tidy school uniform.

The head was combed neatly as if to participate in an important event. There was an addictive fragrant smell around her.

But now, it was obvious sorrow and disappointment.

"Yes, that's it."

"읏 ..."

Unlike her, Lee Hyun was a single single smile. The laughter of others was resentful today.

She grabbed her chest in the pain of the heart that seemed to rot by her heart.

Then I tried to open my mouth with an awkward smile on my face.

"Dang, of course. In fact, I thought you would choose one of two people. Well, I couldn't imagine being both."

"..."

"That, that's right. Yes. I would have built a bond that was not compared with me ..."

Perhaps he wanted to deny it, but Lee Hyun was still silent. In the real world, Jin -seo bite his teeth.

She barely supported the trembling legs and opened her mouth. Still with a smile.

"Strength, it will be hard ...! In our country, some daily wives are the basis ... You can afford it? Uh?"

"Yeah. It's hard, but I'm going to try it."

"..."

Naturally, his words were rather amazing for the truth. She bowed her head. Already eyes It was not visible because of the cold water.

"... yeah, it's good."

After a long time. Finally, she opened her head in a sinking voice.

"Congratulations ...! It's really good. To you, to them."

I didn't want to look ugly. Didn't you decide to respect his choice in the first place?

It would be natural to send a blessing behind the regret.

"Hey, but sometimes do Dalian?

Jin Ye -seo exaggerated his arms and knocked his back. Soon she smiled and shook her hand.

"Oh, that's right. I think there's a little busy thing ... I'm going first? Next time ..."

"Jinseo."

"Why, why?"

"Are you crying?"

"uh...?"

The truth spit out of the question.

Jin Ye -seo stopped the movement. She raised her hand slowly and touched her cheeks.

"Uh, uh ... this, why is this ..."

The birds that I don't know, the broken faucet have been tearing tears from the beginning.

"This, this is so strange ... Why am I ... suddenly ... haha ​​..."

I wiped my tears, but it was not enough. The tears that flowed down were now pouring out like a waterfall and wet the floor.

"Oh, I'm a little tired today. I'm sorry, but now ..."

"wait for a sec."

The giving up was in the midst of turning and running away. -Lee Hyun, who caught her arm from behind, pulled her as if pulled.

He opened his mouth with a calm face in contrast to the truth.

"I'm not over yet?"

"Mi, I'm sorry ... But today I'm a little bad ... later ..."

"You are too."

The truth was struggling not to show a desperate messed face. Suddenly, she stopped the powerless rebellion at the moment.

"..."

The silence flows. Finally, Jin -seo looked at him as if he had just forgotten the reaction. Under the green eyes that could not hide the desolation, there were still large tears of tears.

"Ji, what is it now ..."

"You ... I'm the one I chose."

"What do you mean ...?"

"..."

"Boon, I obviously chose two people ... But I, I ...? Then ... three people ...?"

The tribute opened my mouth in a trembling voice. The embarrassment was powerful, but there was a clear expectation under the water.

"huh."

And Lee Hyun nodded as if it was natural all. This opened my mouth as if the truth was absurd.

"You, you're really garbage ...? How ..."

"Yes. It's garbage."

"..."

Jin -seo, who shook his head in a casual answer, grabbed both fists.

Standing silently, she seemed to move towards Lee Hyun's standing, and soon jumped into him as if he was throwing himself.

"Fool, pervert, horny ...! Die, really die ...!"

In his arms of a tall man than himself, she hit his chest with his fist.

"That, if that's going to tell you earlier ...! Me only me, make it stupid ...!"

"... Sorry. Originally, I tried to say right, but your reaction is so cute."

"Die, really die ...! Garbage, pervert, real personality bad ...! The makeup is all over ...!"

"I'm sorry."

"Let go, let go ...!"

Lee Hyun grabbed his arms at once and lifted up at once. A shameful post -jerger struck him, but he pushed her into the wall without any places.

And he still talked to the truth, who was angry with a subtle smile.

"I still like it?"

"..."

Jin -seo had no answer, but he had no answer. She was staring at Lee Hyun as if she was fighting, and finally she avoided her eyes.

The truth that softened the momentum moved the stiff body. Soon she embraced herself in that solid arms.

In the end, he nodded and shook his head up and down.

"...huh."

***

The two girls who walked along the promenade on the other side recognized each other at the same time. A awkward static flowed between Baek Seo -yeon and Jin Ye -seo, who stopped.

"..."

Baek Seo -yeon, who saw the bangs of Jin Ye -seo, could not be difficult. It was a good thing to see just by looking up at that mouth that went up slightly.

"Me, sister ..."

"You're talking with him."

The label, who was not restless, opened his mouth. The voice of Baek Seo -yeon, who was heard like a sequel, stopped her.

It was so close at the beginning of the semester, but now it's like others. It was only a one -sided courtship of Jin Yeo, who was in the mask that Baek Seo -yeon was written over.

Originally, Baek Seo -yeon did not give a penny to others other than the man. Like her, she is now dealing with her.

The tribute that was pressed by the momentum nodded.

"...yes yes."

"..."

Jin Ye -seo was nervous, but Baek Seo -yeon did not pay much attention. I have already decided to obey his decision.

"Yes. Then."

"Sleep, wait ...!"

Baek Seo -yeon, who was standing for a while, was going to turn. The truth, who hesitated something, finally had courage and shouted at her.

"...what?"

Baek Seo -yeon, who turned his head slightly, was bothersome. The cold gaze, who received the cold gaze, closed his eyes and said.

"I ... I can stay like before ... is there ...?"

"...what?"

Her unexpected words rarely embarrassed the face of Baek Seo -yeon.

"I will see you more often in the future ... I don't want to stay like this with my sister ... so ..."

"... Are you saying that while knowing myself?"

Baek Seo -yeon, who soon regained her calm, quietly asked her.

"The kind and loving white Seoyeon that you saw is fake. I just covered the mask to decorate others in front of others ...."

"That, but it's okay ...!"

Jin -seo quit her words and raised her voice. Later, she realized that she was a little blurred.

"Oh, rather better ... it's cool ... I think I know my sister doesn't know ..."

"...what?"

"How can I ...?"

Jin -seo said he was eagerly begging. Baek Seo -yeon, who looked absurd, had no words for a while.

"ha..."

Jin -seo trembled with a long sigh. It was the darkness of her unfamiliar color that accepted it as a refusal.

"... come here."

ZGVPDDC2CNQMMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVAZITNFMAZTNFMMMMK5KVTNPWNCRB3FFVJEEHEBKZMBDIVCJHPZG

"Sister ...?"

The Jin -seo, who saw the Baekseo -yeon open his arms, muttered as if he could not believe it. It was still a cold voice, but it was not difficult.

"What are you doing? You're going to fall."

"ah...!"

Finally, the truth was elastic with the bright joy. Running as it was, she jumped into Baekseo -yeon as if she was hugged.

"Hiing, sister ...!"

"I'm a stupid, really."

I stroked my hair gently as if I had always been the head of Seo Yeon. Then I looked up at the sky for a while.

"You. And ... I too."

***

Lee Hyun, who was on the garden of garden, could see the two girls. The smile spread lightly on his mouth when he saw the rushing truth.

"I'm glad."

He turned to his original destination.

Suddenly in the bush next to I heard something coming. And a small cat that appeared soon broke his legs with his tears.

"먀!"

Lee Hyun, who hugged the cat in his arms, did not stop. Finally, he was a huge lake in contact with the cradle garden.

Bowing down, he carefully put the cat on the floor. The cat, who jumped down, settled on a fluffy leaves and rolled around.

Lee Hyun sat on the lake with one knee knee. Then I searched the snacks of the outerwear and pulled out the things in it.

Two white and smooth sculptures were divided in half.

"..."

Lee Hyun, who stared at it silently, stroked the piece once. Every time I felt a scratch there, I could think of what happened for the past two years.

"... thank you, I've been."

Lee Hyun, who was quietly muttered, finally brought his hand carefully towards the water.

He carefully pushed the mask into the lake as if he had floated paper boats.

And when I pulled my hand completely, the mask slowly started to sink to the bottom of the lake.

The masks that are gradually blurred under the surface of the water are no longer seen. Only bubbles that come up with a whirlpool only suggests something that was there.

And Lee Hyun's back on the bubble.

It seemed that the popularity was getting closer, and soon someone talked to him in a blunt voice.

"What are you doing here?

It was a voice that I could know without looking back. What I saw as I turned around was a female student who lined up his white hair.

The afterglow of the declaration was not gone, and he was squeezing him with a compassionate look.

"... just, nothing."

"Single."

The compassion was thrilled by Lee Hyun's answer. Still, her ball was reminded red. As if the afterglow of the declaration has not yet gone.

Soon she reached out to Lee Hyun.

"let's go."

"huh."

Lee Hyun, who nodded, grabbed his hand and turned around side by side. After all, the little cats that jumped from the fallen leaves followed them with a cup.

"먀 먀 ~"

The bubbles that came up were not seen. The lake was still clear and clean as if nothing had happened.

FIN.

******************************* Chapter 286 *******************************

hello.

I would like to say goodbye to the artist who corrects the academy villain.

As I was crazy about the joy of completion, the miscellaneous things were mixed and the reviews were a bit longer.

This review includes these and other contents such as the artist's care of the artist or the change of settings related to the novel, so if you want to not be disturbed by personal appreciation, you can check the last QNA.

***

It is quite recent that I first encountered the media called web novels. Until then, most of my life was living without knowing the web novel web.

Of course, you may have encountered the related contents. News knights, webtoons, and the last web novel advertising banner.

But as I saw the Bitcoin article in the newspaper for a dollar for a dollar, I was indifferentially overlooked.

I heard that Corona was a huge boom of web novels, but I didn't know it at that time.

Perhaps only with a web novel experience, I would be blacker than most other readers.

Anyway ... how did you get into a web novel?

I don't remember exactly, but I think it was a chance to think of a new hobby.

I lived for a while, but when I was young, I liked to read a book.

Those who know nothing so have just stepped into the world of web novels.

But now, it has become a web novel for tens of thousands of won a month, but the payment cost of 100 won per flight was a bit burdensome for me when I was just introduced.

That's why Nobel Pia was found here and there.

In fact, the price has risen a little now, but you can enjoy the novel unlimited if you pay for more than 10,000 won a month.

The problem was that even though I decided that the platform, I couldn't get a sense of what novels to see. At that time, it was a time when I didn't know my taste.

So this time, I was looking for a novel and was recommending a novel. I accidentally found a word.

It was the word '4 drone'.

ZGVPDDC2 CNQXMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVAZRJWEDTNFMMMMK5KVTNPYKHRZWRBZKHRBZKVBZBZBZBZBZBZU29HBVKXWJQ1YW

When I first found this, it was quite amazing. That's because I was a word used in the game I was young when I was young.

I used to use the Youth Map, too, and it was one of the few builds that I knew with 2 gates.

Even beginners are easy to use, and even though they are flying, they can achieve some results.

And I found out exactly the same reason that it was written in a web novel system that seemed to have nothing to do with the game.

If you search with the keyword, you can honestly find more negative stories than good stories.

But for some reason, I was rather interested in it.

I don't think about the reason, but it's probably not the first time I found something familiar for the first time in an unfamiliar web novel.

As such, I was rather recognized for the novels belonging to the genre called 4 drones, commonly known as Hepi Pippi.

And what hit me was an intense wave that I had never felt before.

Regret, deprivation, obsession.

The overwhelming dopamine shower created by combining three tags.

I still remember as much as I read the novel.

It was an intense sense that I had never felt in any film, novels, cartoons, and leisure activities I had experienced in my life.

And because of that first experience, I was completely immersed in the genre of Hepi House.

I have a lot of fun reading novels in other genres, but I really dig into the pupi house as if I was crazy. Still, that's the time I read the web novel in my life.

Perhaps all the novels in Nobel Pia's novels have been read once. The novel that came out by searching with regret tags was all good and melted every time.

And as you know, there are cases where no regret tags are not run in a novel that is really delicious.

We also worked hard to avoid missing such jewels. Sometimes I missed the extract of a certain scene. If you think about it now, what was it really?

Anyway, while reading, reading, and reading. Time has gradually passed.

And as much as the snow accumulates, I started to have a taste.

Selected in that way Did you start? If you look at someone else, it may be to hold a boat and laugh ... Anyway, there was such a change.

The most fun I had fun was my childhood friend Hupi.

The main character who has a low status and has nothing to do.

Conversely, with special abilities or high statuses, Heroine, a childhood friend who is better than the main character.

Two who are familiar with each other while experiencing various events, but they are forced to hurt him to protect the protagonist, or to protect the protagonist.

The main character who became a man who was worried about his chest. Other heroines are attracted to such a protagonist. My friend who is sick of myself while watching it ... roughly like this.

While the fun of the pupi restaurant is maximized, I liked that the distinctiveness can be minimized compared to other Hupi restaurants.

For example, a warrior party, or Hunter, who did not recognize the protagonist's ability, regrets it late after leaving him.

Or do you want to come back to the protagonist after being NTR?

Are you betrayed and died.

Although it is the most visible and dopamine, it is a hippophe house that melts the brain, but this kind of development has inevitably felt.

I was too much forgiveness to forgive me, and when I was once close to the protagonist, I was watching it ruined. (It's a personal taste to the last, not to evaluate the works of other artists ...)

But the childhood friend Hupi's house did not have to feel all of this.

The reason why he hurt the protagonist was inevitable for him, and later, the situation would be revealed and reconciled (if it wasn't over the line)

I just enjoyed rolling heroin and finished with the end of the end of the year. It's comfortable, really.

That's why I became the most troubled friend's friend.

But when I came to this passage, I had another problem.

There was not a lot of children's friend Hupi's house that fits the type that mentioned earlier.

I really found it and found it again, but in the end, my friend's friend Hupi's house was about three or four.

I desperate the wall of such reality and I have a dream of gear.

Then, would you like to write it yourself?

'Academy Villain Correction' was a novel that was born from such a background. It is.

And after a year of journey, I reached this completion.

Now I feel the extreme happiness beyond satisfaction.

When I first decided to write, my goal was that I had a million views and a good work.

In fact, it was a dreamy dream that it seemed impossible to achieve it at the time of the target. In the early stages of the series, I was seriously concerned about the year.

But now, the number of views is more than five times the same goal, so the size of the joy I feel will be more than that.

In addition, it was loved by many readers.

Dozens of unjusts are the readers who support the big amounts of money to see.

A lot of artists were overwhelming enough to count with fan art and Taipo gifts that are hard to receive once.

One of the characters I made, I entered the finals in the Nobel Pia character vote last year.

And I learned later, but I was really surprised when I saw it as a digiton.

At the time of the series, they were unimaginable gifts. What more can I hope here? Then I will be a thief.

The most satisfying thing is that it was almost the same as it was originally as it was without any fertilization of the happy ending that I first thought about the novel.

It was as good as it wanted to have a happy ending from the beginning.

Oh, to be honest, there were many unfortunate things.

It would have been able to lead in a better direction even if you think about it now, but it is even more so that it is a reflection.

Especially in the heroine molding part, it seems that such a regret is great.

Originally, the villain's love correction is compassion and white. It was a novel planned with the flower endings of both hands.

The total amount was also about 150 episodes. As I was the first writer I used, I thought that the input and feature series of excessive heroes were not yet competent.

But when I write a human mind, I'm greedy ... Oh, it's not a greed for grades, but a greed for characters.

First of all, the case was originally a character designed by Billon, which was originally a poison itself.

He has a tendency to manage and follows whiteness. The older sister fell into the protagonist I can't decide, I'm tapped, and eventually I'm abandoned by my sister and retires.

But one day. Suddenly, the relationship of 'affair pure love' came to my head.

Growly like a man between your favorite and disliked men, and somehow rationalize yourself when you know your sister likes it. He is afraid of his heart to be caught by Baek Seo -yeon, but does not let go of love.

I wanted to think about it, so I transferred it as a hero.

Hayeon was also going to be Billan, who was originally decorated with evil plot under his pretending face.

Originally, it was not taken by Legurus, but it was a development that caused the core runaway. And in the end, she is killed by the protagonist who notices her identity and feels betrayed.

But do these Billan characters continue to be close to the protagonist? And the protagonist can't keep noticing it?

I thought that the readers might feel frustrated, so I decided to change the narrative.

The setting of a good witch to be a human being came from that idea. I also put salvation narratives tied to the main character.

White Seoyeon and Compassion. As the two main heroes were the owners of a very poisoned personality, Jena was hoping that it might be a licorice that would comfort the tired hero with a soft personality.

But the world is always a way that doesn't always ...

Personally, I think it's quite successful for the case, but in the case of Hagya, the narrative is also a pity.

It's still a pity that I could show Jena in a good direction a little bit more.

It would have been like it would have been if I had to enter the episode from the beginning without changing the settings in the middle and entered more textured ...

In addition, there was a little unfortunate part in the narrative of Baekseo Yeon, one of the main friends and main heroes who hurt the protagonist.

When I first envisioned a novel, I wrote and squeezed my head.

Why did Baek Seo -yeon had to leave Lee Hyun, why didn't he told Lee Hyun, and how much hurt Lee Hyun would?

In that sense, I thought that the two had a good reason.

Seo Yeon, who had learned the demon language, heard the conversation of the attacked demons and realized that the current raid was a conspiracy that someone was decorated. To do it, we will conclude that it is necessary to remove the protagonist.

The protagonist at that time was just insensitive. This doesn't mean that you leave Seo -yeon, who leaves the enemy.

Even though he is prepared to die, he is a stubborn personality to follow Seo -yeon, so he would have to remove him even if he was a strong heart and hurt. If you survive, you can ask for forgiveness later.

The problem is that way ... I really worried about it here.

As mentioned above, Seoyeon is an action for the protagonist to remain a heroine, but you have to make a mistake within the range that you can forgive anyway.

It's not a very unforgivable, and it's definitely hurt by the protagonist, but that's not a sin that's so weak that the protagonist feels like a student.

I was struggling for that subtle, and eventually I chose it.

In fact, if you first uploaded the scene, isn't it too bad? I thought.

The readers who have seen this scene are barely hurt by this? You said it was hard? Isn't it too much? Would you like this reaction.

And comments reactions are explosive in the opposite sense of worrying ...

Wouldn't it be a bit sympathetic? Rather, isn't the protagonist swearing?

However, Baek Seo -yeon is a year to kill and kill.

The enthusiasm of the readers I never thought of ... So since I described Seoyeon's actions, I think I was overly worried. Still, I'm one of the main heroes, but I hope you don't buy it too much.

Because of that, it seems to be a little bitter than the original idea ...

However, there is nothing dissatisfied with compassion.

I used all the settings and episodes as it was, from personality, meeting with the main character, and getting acquainted.

It was really satisfactory except for the trivial fact that the presence was a little disappeared in the latter part of the first heroin after entering the Academy.

This is the most sensitive readers who read my writing. It was also a compassion for the voting finals, and the heroin who received the most fan art was also compassion.

After all, I think I could make it a better heroin if I had a little time like when I first envisioned a compassion.

anyway I've completed a novel like this, but it's because of these regrets.

In the next work, I want to use this unfortunate thing about this time and want to use a better childhood friend.

As a reader and as a writer, I have the idea of ​​encountering Hupid House. People like Hupi House and hate it.

Perhaps it is because of the two -sided features of lack of probability, distinctive humidism, and addictive taste that only a hole in the brain.

Was it like that the aunts who swear and can't stop watching the dramas? First of all, I am doing so. But it's fun to do it.

Let's write harder to get a lot of compliments than other words.

Below is a QNA question answer that summarizes the comments of the last episode.

1. Jinga -ryeong said that it was my alter ego. Is it a clone?

no. It was just a cliché to my daughter. It doesn't mean that it resembles a mother's beauty.

2. How is the law of the universe that Seol Yujeong said? Have you seen reincarnation or the existence of the afterlife?

I'm not a witch, but I'm not sure ... is a joke, and I didn't think about the detailed settings. Whatever it is, I know the hopeful future, so if you think that I said that, I would appreciate it.

3. Is there any episode or setting about this mother?

yes. He was a really ordinary person. The real name was not mentioned or did not appear as a recollection in the past, so it might not be because it was not necessary for the development of the novel.

The power and magic of the protagonist were received from peanuts, so it has nothing to do with my mother.

Perhaps now I will see the main character living happily in the afterlife.

4. Do you want to write abduction?

Probably, I want to proceed with the abduction without a break. First of all, we are planning about about 10 episodes.

At the end of the main story, I was aware of the fact that I could hardly show a small part such as daily life and character parts.

Anyway, the theme of this novel was Hupi's house, and when the reconciliation of Baek Seo -yeon and Lee Hyun was completed, it was a decision that the readers expected to show, but there were more readers who felt sorry for me.

We will try to replenish those shortcomings in the abduction.

However, the serial work or upload time is not a fire than during the main series. It can be ruled.

5. If so, are you going to write a 19 -gold scene?

I'm sorry to tell you, but the full 19 -gold scene of the Jeongsa Scene will not appear in the abduction.

It's a problem that you don't want to write, but you can't use it ...

I tried to practice separately, but the conclusion was that I couldn't use the 19 -gold scene. How many times you have been overturned ... ㅜ

But even indirectly, I will express them as much as possible. First of all, I keep trying ...

4.

I am thinking about the monthly abduction, but it is not yet clear for other characters other than the main heroine. Characters who have not been confirmed in the main story in the main story are probably not allocated. Even if you look at the hero who has changed, she admires or blushes.

However, it can be added when inspiration comes to mind, and if you like something in the comments, I will actively reflect it.

7. Is there a plan for the next work?

As mentioned above, there is a plan for the next work. It won't come out right away. There is a personal situation, and the emotional consumption is considerable than I thought, but I used it as a Hepi house.

I want to write my child's friend Hupi's house someday, but now I want to write a novel in a light atmosphere rather than a pupi restaurant. Of course, this may change suddenly.

There will be a few months of the next time that the topic is not set. Perhaps when the readers forgot me ...

The last is the complete commemorative fan art sent by Sepier.

Compassion wearing a wedding dress ... The two shooting stars falling on the top are white Seoyeon and Jin -seo (jokes)

This concludes both reviews and QNA.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the readers who have loved the Academy Villain Correction.

See you in the abduction that will continue.

Wool cash up.

******************************* Chapter 287 *******************************

The landscapes passed by outside the car. The height of the gradually decreasing buildings made them know that they were heading out of the capital.

That rear seat.

Lee Hyun, who was sitting, sighed as if he could no longer endure.

"... seniors."

I dare to attach it.

He was sitting in the middle of the seat.

Because of the two girls who are pushing to the limit from both sides and sticking to them like a body.

"Are you not ashamed in front of your juniors?"

"..."

"..."

And it's natural to say that it's natural.

In the meantime, something compassionate on the left was unsatisfactory, and I was sticking out my lips a little. On the other hand, Baek Seo -yeon's face on the right could not be so bright.

In other words, because it occupied the main arm of Lee Hyun, the right hand.

"ha..."

In his attitude, Lee sighed again.

Soon he headed to the opposite seats that were installed in front of them.

Somehow, a girl with a nasty color comes to his eyes.

The girl of the green eye was alternating between the white Seo -yeon and the compassion, which was located on both sides of him without hiding the envy of the envy.

But someone was able to yield to his seat.

"Jinseo."

"Uh, why? Why?"

And Lee Hyun's call was immediately answered as if he had waited.

Lee Hyun's sirness was deepening.

It's been less than a few days that I made such a shameless declaration with my mouth right now, so I can't leave it alone.

But the seats on both sides have already been occupied by the seniors ...

"Do you want to sit together?"

"uh...?"

After thinking about it for a while, Lee Hyun looked down at the bottom, but he opened his mouth, but at the moment, he confirmed the bitter notice of the seniors.

"Oh, no ...! I'm just ..."

ZGVPDDC2CMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVBGRZDWTCWVD1SGL0MMS2BZVPDUNJQ3PVUKNJBNJBNJBNJBFFUKU52W1HMEE3V25YQG

"Would you like to sit on your knees?"

And in his words, the atmosphere inside the car was instantly changed.

"Jung, really ...!"

Finally, the Jinseo, who revealed his true heart, shouted without knowing.

Two pairs of gaze, which feels more fierce than the demons, tighten her.

"... hyssop."

Jin Ye -seo shook his head and squeezed his head.

Lee Hyun saw that, and the headache hurt.

"Wasn't it reconciled?"

"This is different It's a problem. "

Lee Hyun's question, Baek Seo -yeon answered in a new voice.

"I have to keep it."

"Hmm, I just liked it."

Lee Hyun, who saw Baek Seo -yeon and compassion, who had a living and received each other, looked amazing.

He shook his head and he told them.

"When you come, you will ride with Jin Yeo."

"joy."

"tooth..."

Then two people inflate the ball immediately dissatisfied.

But that didn't mean much rebellion.

The current fight is within the allowable range. But when Lee intervened, he had no choice but to follow.

It was an implicit rule engraved between them.

"Uh ..."

Lee Hyun sighed with a tired sign.

He headed out of the car.

The place that the party is heading now is the residential area of ​​the middle and lower floors.

In other words, the discharged Sajae -hyuk and his sisters were newly established.

Saga Jae -hyuk, whose arm was cut, submitted a global member, and his sisters, of course, left the military gates.

In the beginning, he was in the army to fill the vanity of the witch and the revenge of the witch.

The punishment troops were also finished, and there was no reason to remain more because they solved all of them.

Of course, that does not mean that I returned to the Black Route. He has settled in a shabby area outside the capital, despite Lee Hyun's repeated persuasion.

There is still a few days to have a few days until the cradle of the cradle is formally resumed. Lee Hyun -hyun decided to go to them.

I also confirmed my sisters' regards, and I had to tell Sajae -hyuk.

It was also related to the decision he decided to accept all three.

"So why are you following it in the first place ..."

Originally, Lee was willing to visit them alone.

But there were not three people who missed his schedule, and Lee Hyun finally allowed them to accompany them.

"What are you talking about? If you are going to be a family in the future, it's a good thing to see you."

"Don't be right ..."

When he said, he nodded, as he sympathized.

At first glance, it sounds polite. But their tricks were elsewhere.

Sajae -hyuk and his members are Lee Hyun's most believed family.

If you show a good look to them, you will take the lead in the three, and you will take the lead in the three.

It has already been accepted to share Lee Hyun. But there is a strict sequence.

I gave up even the fierce struggle in it no.

Three people were the same as that thought.

"Uh ..."

However, unlike the two, the expression of white Seoyeon was dark.

She bite her lips with her chest with an nervous expression.

About half a year ago. So I reunited at the Academy without knowing the identity of Lee Hyun's mask.

Baek Seo -yeon has written a huge verbal abuse of Lee Hyun -hyuk and his sisters.

Although he has also threw a few words about them, he also had a few words about them, but the words she spoken were exceptionally intense.

Of course, it was not unfortunate as a white Seoyeon.

At the time, she knew that Lee was dead, and of course he had a great hatred and revenge for them.

It was a time when the rumors of Sajae -hyuk were ruined or horrible.

So Lee Hyun, who thought it was their members, could not come out.

But now, I was just regretting.

"It's okay."

And Lee Hyun, who noticed her worries, said as comfort.

"I told you. I'm not a person who cares about the general and sisters. And in fact, rumors are not wrong.

"Hua ... not ..."

", What are you going to do late?"

And a subtle voice was heard from the side.

The compassion, who had a little bit of posture, scratched her.

"So you should have done your work right like me."

"..."

Lee Hyun looked at her for a while.

Do you have such advice to someone else?

Considering her rumors last year, it was a bit ridiculous.

"... what, why?"

"...no."

Lee Hyun's face was shot as if he had a compassion.

Lee Hyun immediately turned the topic, but the stinged gaze did not disappear.

Finally, the car that has reached the destination stops.

"Here ..."

In order, they got out of the car and looked around.

A spicy landscape that had a little bit of slums, which is less than a high -end residential area, came straight into the view.

Lee Hyun, who had a paper with the address, walked the lead, and three people lined up and followed him.

"... No matter how much, the successor of the Black Lotus is in this place ...?"

The compassion that moved to the pace grumbled lightly.

It's cramped, but it's clean and it's good.

But it was a long time to kick her eyes that grew up all the time.

Jin Ye -seo also seemed to think about her.

On the other hand, Lee Hyun is rather that Seeing the women, she looked bewildered.

"Why? Isn't this a good place? I think it's better than my old village ..."

"Yes. What is this?"

And the intervened white Seoyeon faced his words.

She approached Lee Hyun's side.

And he was friendly with his arms folded slightly.

"What do you know?"

She was the only one of the three to have childhood with Lee Hyun.

Later, he made an excuse with his face and his face.

"I, I thought so? I think you can just take a better place!"

"Me, me too ...!"

"Uh, excuse. What do you know. You must have not buried water in your hands."

White Seoyeon has never been watered in hand.

She lived in an unusual mansion in the pioneering village, and she was a child who was abandoned.

But in the thought, Seo Yeon was a strong and strong girl who had already overcome her difficult childhood with the power of love.

Birds are moving to the pace. They finally arrived at the address on the paper.

It's not too luxurious or too shabby.

Lee Hyun, who checked the address, approached the gate and pressed the doorbell.

Three people looked dwelling on his actions.

"Sleep, wait!"

"...why?"

"Jun, I have to prepare ... How do you suddenly press ...!"

They left behind Lee Hyun, who looked bewildered, and quickly trimmed their heads and clothes.

Whatever it was, the first impression was the most important law.

And after a while.

"We Hyun!"

Finally, the gate opened, and someone shouted in it.

"Why did you come so late! How long is your sisters? Huh?"

"Chaewon sister ... town."

The first one who appeared first rushed in and hugged Lee Hyun.

His face, greeting, was buried in two voluminous lumps.

"...her?"

The idea of ​​should be seen well disappeared in a moment.

******************************* Chapter 288 *******************************

"Puha ... Chaewon sister, wait a minute ... town."

"Hey! I told you to wait! Where are you going out alone!"

"Our youngest!"

Lee Hyun, who had only pulled his face between the hills, was trying to take a breath.

The two women who followed the short -haired woman rushed to him.

"Sehwa sister ... Wait a minute ..."

"In the world, why are you so dry? My sister told me not to skip and take care of it! Huh?"

"I ate well ..."

"Why are you taller? Last time you came to your shoulders."

"It's been a long time, Jin sister.

"Hahn, it's still growing ... Hmm, sleeping well at night?

"for a moment..."

He just matted his head, stuttered his body, grabbed the ball, admonished it, and took a magpie and brought his body naturally as if he was rejoicing the height.

Suddenly, the women were busy biting, tearing and enjoying Lee Hyun.

As if he was not heard properly.

And three girls were staring at the dwarf plate.

Above all, Lee Hyun's attitude toward them was the most ridiculous part.

For themselves, a man who is likely to be dragged like a dog with a chain on his neck is now smiling like a mild amount and embarrassed.

Oh, of course I don't like it.

To be honest, I like him more because of that coercive aspect.

...anyway.

I can see them rarely, and I tickle my heart and make me want to take care of it.

He was overhauled by him, so he was inevitably hurt by his pride.

"Wait a minute, sisters. Introduce the kids first ..."

-Fight!

And when Lee Hyun struggled to get out of the offensive.

Suddenly, one of his arms stretched out, and soon grabbed his collar and pulled it towards them.

The compassion that extracted Lee Hyun stood in front of it.

Baek Seo -yeon and Jin -seo also blocked him with his whole body.

"I'm sorry, but why don't you do it there."

And the polite appearance just so far opened his mouth as if he was shooting with a unique tone.

"under?"

And with him, a friendly atmosphere that is frozen in a moment.

Yun Chae -won stares at her, without the trace of the smile of honey. Ryu Sehwa, Yejin. The other two attitudes are no different.

The flimsy sensation filled the atmosphere around. The veteran Expert, which has spent more than 10 years on the battlefield, lives with particles.

It's so strong that it's enough to make it temporarily inability to act.

However, Baek Seo -yeon, compassion, and Jin -seo.

They are also sad when they are talented.

"Hyun is an adult. He is also a woman who has promised the future."

After receiving the enemy's hostility casually, Seo Yeon spewed up a cold chill.

"I understand him, but now I'm a little while? I don't think it's a good look."

"Right, that's right ...!"

And as if he waited, he nodded and faced.

But of course it wasn't my sisters to accept him.

The two and a half years of the poor boy left alone in the middle of the ruins.

It was the safety of the renal, but it was possible to protect it as much as possible, but the deep wounds engraved on that mind were not easy to appease.

I always wrap my face with a mask and struggles with nightmares every night.

The empty and twisted heart is not filled with the blood of the demons and the wizards, so it is so sad that it does not fit the age.

But now the boy has completely accepted him and went out to the world.

How surprised were they who came to the face of the ward they were admitted to?

He was even the one who saved Sajae -hyuk and their lives, so he scolded the boy who was dangerous, but his bond and joy were not hidden.

Thanks to the sacrifice of the boy, they finally allowed them to live a simple but happy life that they dreamed of from the witch's bridle.

So now, you have to give the boy the right affection that has been pushed.

Of course, it would be the other story to deal with the interruptions who appeared at that moment.

"... Hyun is our precious brother."

Once a leading manager, Ryu Se -hwa, shook his fingers as if he was trying to revive the memory of the time.

"There is a deep ties that others can't imagine in between us. Such sisters have a little bit of affection for their brothers. What's so strange?"

"Is it trivial?

"Oh? What are you doing? I slept together.

"what...!"

Three eyes are surprised by Lee Hyun.

Ryu's words were misunderstood. By the day of the 66th Regiment, I just leaned back when I stayed up all night in the hideout.

It is barely barely in between two layers of sleeping bags.

"Sister. If you say that, others misunderstand ..."

"Um ... I think I did a bath together?"

"..."

"Our Hyun, will we wash with my sisters for a long time? How are you?"

When I explored the areas where there was a lack of water resources, I only divided the natural hot springs found.

Naturally, I had a partition, and I didn't even think about it.

On the contrary, because they tried to attract Lee Hyun, the unbearable Sajae -hyuk struck them out and drove them out.

However, without a break to explain him, Lee Hyun was shortened by the three pairs of resentful eyes.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPCNPC013EEIYBNJIWUF5OHRXRFQ2OG4ZN1HN1HN1HN1HN1HBDDJL1NL1NLHOOGN4B2X6SEC1MQ

"... and just?

Ye Jin, who had the most arrogant, overwhelming, noble lady of those three of those days, laughed coldly.

"Who do you dare to say that?"

It was a very strange part for Lee Hyun, who was always friendly.

"If you are a student, you should only be enthusiastic about studying. What kind of love is your relationship? We can never allow it.

"Well, um."

"that's right."

And as a matter of course, the match is Sehwa and Chaewon.

But Lee Hyun was ridiculous.

Thanks to seeing the past memories that Seol Yu -jeong showed last day, his sisters' school days had been sewn since his school days.

It would be clear that they would only have a mouth for the dignity of their sisters, but at least they were not qualified to be lucky in school.

-Shoya ...

And the feet of white Seoyeon began to froze. The fireworks were fried around the air under compassion.

"Ha, it's like these cheeky juniors."

Now they were not hiding and exhausted. Yoon Chae-won, who sensed this, shook his finger with a smile.

"I think this seemed quite shallow. No matter how much you still graduated from the yellow chicks who have not graduated yet?"

The other two nodded as if they were the same thought.

The fight between the old student council and the new student council executives just before they were gone to sleepy.

It is a battle of six of the best wizards, not others.

The scenery was automatically unfolded in Lee's head.

At least the class It was obvious that it would be crushed without leaving dust around the light.

An unrealistic situation that suddenly came in.

Lee Hyun, who became torn in half in his sleep, was dazzling.

How was the situation like this?

From where I couldn't get a sense of what was wrong.

"Sisters ... Wait a minute ...!"

"Our youngest is missing for a while. This is a woman's pride."

Even in Lee Hyun's lumps, they did not even hear.

At least the words seemed to be agreed by all six.

The moment of immediate moment was coming. Lee Hyun was worried about whether the gear had to stop fighting by spreading power.

And finally.

Someone's shadow was driven behind the three sisters.

And thumps, thumps, thumps.

The heavy honey chestnuts were plugged in the heads of Chae Won, Jin, and Sehwa.

"I."

"Eung."

"Obviously."

"ouch!"

"I told you not to."

"Hah ...!"

Suddenly, three girls who came with Lee Hyun looked bewildered.

The struggle that burned with the atmosphere collapsed.

The sisters squeezed their heads and sat down.

Sae Jae -hyuk, a man with a bad impression that appeared, sighed as if there was no ridiculousness.

"I didn't come in and did something outside ... I knew it. Huh? Anyway ..."

"Hiing, but our Hyun is ..."

"Hey! Do you want to do it with young kids?

The sisters cried and pouted their lips.

The line goes back into the mansion, and Lee Hyun -hyuk looks at Lee and three people.

Soon sighs-my fifty-he was stuck to them.

"Come in. It's a shabby house."

******************************* Chapter 289 *******************************

In the introduction of Lee Hyun, the three were greeted by Sa Jae -hyuk, who appeared late.

"Huh, so ..."

Sajae -hyuk rarely looked like a soul.

I heard it earlier, but I didn't feel it.

Pacheon, red, white light.

Like one, the family of the family and the direct competitors of the Black Route in politics.

The young people of such a family are running to die, so it was a natural reaction.

Sa Jae -hyuk turned to Lee Hyun standing next to him.

Where did you imagine that work would be this way when you sent him to the Academy?

Even though he was picked up ... Oh, he was an extraordinary guy.

"... You are in a shabby place."

He was greeted by his hand.

Suddenly, his gaze stayed under compassion.

Sajae -hyuk, who was immersed in a moment, opened his mouth with her.

"Hmm, have you ever participated in a traditional banquet with your father about 15 years ago? It was held in the capital."

"I have been like that. I remember it.

"What is glory. It's big. I think it was very small at that time."

"Fruit."

Unlike humble words or attitudes, the mouth of the compassion was headed-up.

It was the first of the three family members.

On the other hand, it was just an unfairness for whitening and vibration.

Baek Seo -yeon was trapped in the library all the time due to particle hypersensitivity.

Lee Hyun, who noticed the sadness of the two, secretly hit the side of Sajae -hyuk.

Sak Jae -hyuk, who was late for his mistake, spoke with a cough.

"Hmm Hmm, there are two young love. I'm comfortable."

"Glory."

"Ho, thank you for your favor ..."

"There's nothing like that. I'm no longer a member of the Cow of the Black Route."

Sajae -hyuk glanced at the annex building.

"Go and sit first. I'm going to talk to this guy for a while."

Sajae -hyuk moved to the garden on the other side of the annex.

Lee Hyun, who sent them and followed late, was worried about it.

"... Can I just send them like that? Then if I fight with my sisters ..."

"You don't have to worry about. Do you really hate your friends."

Sajae -hyuk replied.

"But before ..."

"It's just a bit of grumpy. Uh, if you think it's frozen for a few days, you still ..."

Sajae -hyuk sighed by catching a sticky forehead.

"Hahm, I'm surprised, but they must have died what. Not one, but three people, it is also red, white light, pacheon. "

"... I didn't know it would be like this."

Lee Hyun-hyeon, who responded, looked at the complexion of Sa Jae-hyuk.

I felt it from before, but it looks tired.

The eyes are shy and the cheekbones are slightly felt.

I definitely saw a healthy discharge.

Where are you still sick?

"But is it okay? My face looks a bit bad ..."

"This? It's not a big deal. I just suffered from mosquitoes every night."

"mosquito...?"

"Uh. It's very strong. Three alternately sucks blood ... Huh."

Sajae -hyuk was tired.

Seasonal season is the beginning of summer. It was time for mosquitoes to outbreak.

Suddenly, Lee Hyun's eyes headed to the right arm of Sa Jae -hyuk.

It was once empty, and the machine was replaced.

"... recovery is good?"

"Sticked."

Sa Jae -hyuk replied insignificantly.

Every time he moved his arm, he heard a squeaky mechanical sound.

"Let's see ... now you can keep the lantern magic for 3 seconds?"

"..."

Lee Hyun's face was dark.

The most talented wizards were able to keep the lantern magic for more than a few minutes.

Sa Jae -hyuk, who was once a promising wizard, is now closer to the general public than the wizard.

"It's. I don't have to use it anymore."

Saga Jae -hyuk struck Lee Hyun's back and shot it bluntly.

"If you do it, the kids will take care of it. And if you rehabilitate, you can regain 1 %. You don't have to worry about it."

"but..."

"Oh, noisy, so what's here?"

Sajae -hyuk quickly turned to the topic.

"Don't say that you have come to ask.

"... so Tina?"

"You're so honest, so you should know that you don't have a mask. I practice hiding my expression.

"okay."

"So? Are you not coming back to your home or to say this?"

Lee Jae -hyuk has already rejected Lee's words.

The old resentment is washed, but that doesn't mean the time passed.

Just now is the best for each other.

For his brother.

"I know that the last time is already over.

"... that's not."

"Then what is it?"

Tower-Lee Hyun stopped.

Even in the urgency of Sa Jae -hyuk, he hesitated Was showing signs.

Lee Hyun opened his mouth hard after a long time.

"As a member of the Black Route ... I came to say that I would take away my brother's place."

"what?"

"... I try to work hard from now on."

Lee Hyun's face had a determined sign.

It was a story that I had for a long time.

I was lucky, and now I have been a member of the Black Route, one of the best masters in the country.

But it was still lacking.

In order to protect the things they had, they needed to be stronger and harder.

It was not enough for the helplessness of the necessity.

"I have refused, but I will accept the offer of the student council executive committee when the semester resumes. And next year, I try to challenge the presidential election, like that."

One day, an old room opened my eyes.

The faded picture hanging on that one.

Recalling their faces in the picture, Lee said to the party.

"I will study harder. Of course, I won't be neglected. After graduation, I'm going to go to the guard and step on the course. As a successor, I can raise my reputation and my reputation as a successor. No one can touch what I have."

"..."

"... So I decided to take my brother's place. Now I'm going to be the real successor of the Black Route.

Lee Hyun bowed his head like a sinful man, closed his eyes and spoke.

"Today I came to say that. I'm sorry, but ... I yield to me."

And Sa Jae -hyuk was silent. Lee Hyun waited for his answer while holding his fist.

"Is it okay?"

After a bit of time, he opened his mouth in a little sinking voice.

"It's hard. It's a basic literacy of the wizards. And you just said that you will just walk in that blessing."

"..."

"Can you do it?

"... I can do it. No, you must do that."

And Lee Hyun nodded and nodded.

"As a successor of the Black Route ... I can do it lightly."

"..."

And silence fell again. Saja -hyuk stared at Lee Hyun with an unparalleled face. Lee Hyun swallowed a nervous saliva.

"I see all the strange guys.

And in the end, Sajae -hyuk sighed lightly.

"... do whatever you want."

"uh...?"

"What are you so surprised?"

"but..."

"you Isn't it the decision you thought about yourself? Then it was. "

Lee Hyun was bewildered. I didn't know he would answer so easily.

At least I thought it would be more twisted than now.

Saja -hyuk opened his mouth quietly than Lee Hyun -hae.

"You've already left the seal of the successor to you. That's my answer."

"... I thought it was left for a while."

"Wait a minute. I didn't want to have such a place in the first place. Where would a person live frustrated? Uh?"

Sajae -hyuk shook his hand as if he was chasing a bothersome fly.

"You do it for you, whether you throw it away. Anyway, it's not mine."

The light attitude that was frivolous was to reduce the burden of Lee Hyun. It was not so difficult to guess the meaning.

"brother..."

"And this child is weighted with a lot of uselessness!"

-puck!

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013K2ZEK2FRM3ARY3LAEWIEWTQNZVSM1HZWRNT3HOY01FV0UXQI9EZTBPKW

Sa Jae -hyuk struck Lee's back as a machine.

It was so loud that the bone was broken at the moment.

"ah!"

Lee Hyun, who swallowed tears, sent a resentful eyes to Sajae -hyuk.

Sajae-hyuk, who passed him overly, said picked up.

"I did something again. I was wasting time to listen to the form.

"Mr. ... I'm seriously talking ..."

"Noisy. Follow quickly."

The two turned to the garden back to the annex of the mansion.

Lee Hyun's expression was bright. On the other hand, worrying for a while was in his head.

Is the kids and sisters well? It's been a long time.

Are you not fighting again?

And immediately opened the door of the annex, the smell of dark liquor hit them.

In response, Sajae -hyuk made a clear impression.

"What ..."

There were already dozens of alcoholic bottles around the table.

The annex was noisy as in the middle of a pub.

"So ... how hard I was ..."

"Well ... how hard you have ..."

"I know, we know that heart too ..."

"Anyway, men are ..."

"Cool ..."

The face is red with red face.

Crying white Seoyeon.

A tribute who was drunk and fell asleep.

And sisters nod their heads with their hands grabbed their hands.

Lee Hyun was a bit confused.

I wanted to get close, but did it feel like this?

Anyway, hold your hair It's better than fighting.

Lee Hyun was a car to organize his thoughts.

Ryu Se -hwa, who sat at the table and humming the song, found them and waved.

"Our Hyun is! What are you doing now?"

It was a smell of alcohol.

Ryu Se -hwa, who was staggering, pulled Lee's ball hard again.

"Our cute youngest ... when it's all so big ... huh ...?"

"Sister ... the smell of alcohol ... ugh ..."

Lee Hyun turns his head to ask for help.

Sajae -hyuk was not already in place.

Suddenly he was sitting in front of the table and sipping a glass.

He glanced at Lee Hyun silently.

In the last two years of experience, Lee was able to notice the meaning.

It was annoying, so you took care of it.

"We Hyun -yi ... no wish ...?"

"Wish ...?"

"I came to save my sisters ... I have to listen to that much ..."

I thought it was a liquor and tried to turn it over.

Sajae -hyuk, who had enjoyed his own room alone, said a word.

"Yes. If you have a wish, say one. But you can save your life.

"..."

Lee Hyun was immersed in thinking.

Suddenly, it is a wish, but there is nothing that comes to mind ...

Suddenly, the landscape in the annex is at a glance.

People who cry and laugh together.

Lee Hyun always had this noisy.

At one time it was lost for a while, but ultimately it was a daily life he wanted to recover.

And finally picking the head-passing the flame passing by.

Lee Hyun, who reminded me of his wish, opened his mouth with Sajae -hyuk.

"Make your nephew."

"Pooh ...!"

Saja -hyuk spoke to the table that had been in his mouth.

***

The banquet is on the way back.

Since I achieved some of the purpose I thought before I visited, Lee Hyun could be a little comfortable now.

"Kuu ..."

He was still stroking his head with his sleeping truth on his knees.

On the other hand, the compassion and white Seoyeon were awake, but they remembered the tae of the drunken.

In particular, Baek Seo -yeon was looking at Lee Hyun's notice by twisting her hair.

Lee Hyun, who felt the eye, opened his eyes a little as if he was told.

"I'm, you are ..."

And in the voice of still drinking luck, Baek Seo -yeon opened his mouth carefully.

"Baby, do you like?"

******************************* Chapter 290 *******************************

"baby...?"

Suddenly, Lee Hyun shook his head.

Baek Seo -yeon was slightly blurring the horse and sparing casually.

"That, just. You did it before. I want to have a nephew as a gift. So ..."

"... I heard? You were crying at that time."

"That, forget me ...!"

Seo -yeon, who reminded me of a drunken black history, shook his head and urgently glanced.

Lee Hyun, who heard her, thought for a while and nodded.

"I like it. I want to have a lot of children later."

"A lot of people ...?"

"One ten ...?"

"Hi, Hi."

Seo Yeon bowed her head without knowing.

Lee Hyun, who was in mind, spoke without noticing him.

"Boys and girls and half and half. The first is Sua ..."

"That, yes ..."

For some reason, there was a red blush on the face of Baekseoyeon.

"How much is 10 people ... if you calculate it ... Then soon ...?

Seo Yeon, who muttered and squeezed his fingers, lightly hiccuped.

The compassion who was squeezing the appearance from the next seat seemed to be bad.

She turned out of the window of the running car.

And even though it was night, the beach was clearly seen in the appearance.

"Sooner or later ...."

She muttered small in a voice that no one could hear.

***

The next day.

Lee Hyun was sitting by the window and enjoying the warm sunshine.

The breeze that seeps through the open window gaps tickles pleasantly.

It was his favorite work after taking off his mask.

Since I have been locking myself all the time, I haven't enjoyed the sunshine and the winds of the day.

"Good?"

"먀 먀 ~"

When Lee Hyun suddenly looks down, I hear a small crying sound with a pleasant sign.

His knee was with a small cat lying on his stomach.

ZGVPDDC2CMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVDVDHY2XPMTBITBITBITWRBM0XDEJHICUTVU2XLOFFLQTC1YWFQSW

Although the past appeared in the form of a person, Sua usually seemed to prefer cats.

After waking up, Sua was following Lee Hyun more than before.

Especially when I try to lick my lips when I have a break, sometimes it's a bit difficult.

And in the midst of quiet, someone felt the coming popularity.

Now Lee has moved to his dormitory room.

Compassionate Although it was a pity, it was inevitable because there were a lot of people who knew their relationship.

There are only three people who know his dormitory password pattern. Baek Seo -yeon, compassion, Jin -seo.

-Pulture!

Finally the door opened.

The first thing I see was the white hair that was overwhelmed by the wind.

The compassion that came into another dormitory, and took out the actual sound.

"Date with me."

"Shaaak !!"

The peanut's attitude of hearing the word dating turned.

A small cat from Lee Hyun's knees blocked under compassion.

Then he inflated his whole body as if he had dealt with a beast.

Lee Hyun asked with a bumpy look.

"suddenly?"

"Just. I think I couldn't do a date down date."

He said he didn't care about the cats that were mandible.

In fact, there was a chance. In the past social festival.

But I missed the opportunity because the man who was really good at playing with other things ...

Suddenly, she feels resentful.

"...?"

"joy."

Lee Hyun, who doesn't know English, looked bewildered.

Still, in the end, I chose myself, so I can't forgive it at all.

The compassion that thought so was reversed and talked again.

"Now there is not much left for the semester. And if you start school, you will enter the student council executive committee?"

"that's right."

"I will be busy with the student council's activities.

"hmm..."

Lee Hyun fell in mind for a while.

There was no wrong corner in terms of compassion. Rather, I think I was too indifferent.

There was no reason not to listen.

I just had one thing.

"however..."

"If you are other kids, you don't have to worry."

It was as cold as the compassion was looking into his inside.

"It's all agreed. I decide to date with you. Just the first order is decided as me."

"... I decided to order? Is it a duel ..."

"Uh, if we duel, will the cradle remain?"

I shook my hand as if the compassion was talking.

"I just decided to draw swallows. Fightly."

Well, it was almost a duel, but I didn't have to tell him everything.

"If you understand, why don't you go out quickly? Is it just stuck in the room on a good day?

One dent in compassion He urged him with a natural virtue that could not feel false.

"Prepare and come in front of the fountain until one o'clock. I'm waiting."

"okay."

Lee Hyun nodded and disappeared in a moment as he had turned his body.

Lee Hyun, who was sitting for a while, was trying to get up and head to the closet.

"먀 먀 ..."

Somehow, a small cat looked lonely as if he had been betrayed.

***

"Huh ..."

He sighed in a pity in front of the fountain.

When she checked the clock tower, she suddenly seemed to be dissatisfied.

"Why is this too late ..."

The time was still twelve and a half, and in the beginning she finished her preparation.

Heat-looking down at the surface of the fountain where the compassion is swollen.

Unlike before, when I was applying for a date, I was nervous.

The compassion for ignoring him checked his dress.

I covered my face with a wide brim hat and scattered the particles to tie my hair a bit darker than usual.

The tops include cardigan and white shirts that reveal the bends of the body, the bottom of the long skirt with volume, and the sandals that reveal the white toes.

Who thinks of himself as a love of the noble redness?

As such, it was the purpose of compassion today to mix the ordinary life by mixing among people.

I didn't want to enjoy a luxury restaurant or department store shopping.

In the beginning, those things can be enjoyed in the first place. I don't think Lee will like it.

Rather, I liked something unusual that I couldn't experience well.

For example, as if they had walked together in a strange streets in the last southern request.

Of course, it wasn't this relationship at that time, so I won't play the number of dates.

"... suck!"

Compassion was lightly struck with his ball.

The hot heat felt on the ball is not because of the early summer heat.

It was so lucky that she took the first order. It was so exciting to see Baek Seo -yeon's face staring at himself like a demon.

Hmm, of course, the agreement was made before the lot was drawn. No matter what happens, the absolute line will never be over.

"Hmm ..."

Compassion was a little bit of smile.

The agreement was completed, but that's just this story.

In short, it doesn't mean that you don't have to touch it first.

The compassion, which had been walking around, stopped in front of the newspaper. The media is still the spirit of the day I was talking about the woos, but it was not her concern.

The pupils under compassion headed straight at the hem of the newspaper.

Today's weather forecast was briefly written.

-It will be clear all the time, but from the evening, the raindrops ...

And finally, the moment when the eyes are going to draw a thin line.

"Senior. Did you wait for a long time?"

"Ah, no, no ...!"

A cheerful voice that comes to hear.

A surprised comprehension, he chewed his tongue and turned back.

Lee Hyun came to see her and looked bewildered.

"Suddenly, whatever ...?"

"Thread, I made a mistake ...!"

Hwa -ak-Hwa-Ho's compassion having a heated face screamed with a red.

It was because there was a corner stabbed.

"... yeah? But what hides in the back ..."

"Breath, what to hide. It's just a newspaper, a newspaper."

The compassion was crumpled and said a piece of newspaper.

"You were coming too late and reading. Time to take time."

"I came early for 15 minutes ...?"

"That, I just know that!"

"Uh, heh."

Lee Hyun shouted and handed her as if she was familiar.

He squeezed him with a resentful face.

hmm. Why do you think you're angry?

While trying to catch himself, he was deeply worried about whether he had to go back to him.

"What are you doing that? Did you bury anything on your face?"

"... nothing."

Soon after the worries, the compassion was stood next to him.

In fact, it was not something to worry about.

She too, too, was so good that Lee Hyun showed.

"let's go."

"... huh."

Nodding, nodded, was entangled as if he slipped his arm to Lee Hyun. The two with their arms folded so firmly moved to the street.

******************************* Chapter 291 *******************************

"Wow ..."

Beast Zoo.

When Lee Hyun left for a while to buy a ticket.

In a compassion glass window, he was spitting out the curiosity of his curiosity without taking his eyes off.

In the eyes of the floating jellyfish like a floating jellyfish, the usual wild and arrogant momentum was not felt at all.

A very different experience for her, who always deals with dangerous beasts.

At first, I was a little worried, but I was not satisfied with my eyes who chose this place as the first dating place to be compassives.

Moreover, because of the chosen and chosen by the clothes, she was now looking at the zoo.

But the beautiful flowers are always twisted.

I couldn't hide as much as the bright beauty, so she was eye -catching at a glance at a bird she didn't know.

Now, it was not a great place for the greatest reduction, but an ordinary girl.

"Hmm, over there."

It seemed to be gathering, and a two -three man of Gearco surrounded her.

"Lady, are you alone?

It seems that the purpose is to harass a girl who does not know the world who is just a bad impression.

Commonly common municipalities on the bottom of the capital.

Even the tone of the spit is cliché.

"Have you lost your road?"

"Can we help you? Huh?"

At the same time, the tongue is flying.

"..."

It seemed that there was no idea of ​​hidden black heart, and he frowned as if he saw a rotten frog with a compassion.

He hid the disgust with a wide hat, and he was habitually crushing his fingers.

On the back of the invisible palms, the tack-embers splash.

I fell in mind.

Hmm, what should I do?

Will you burn your face halfway or make all your arms into powder?

But no, think about it.

But I don't want to see blood from the first date. It was more elaborate like this, so it was more.

Then, will only that tongue will be slightly slight?

"Huh, you're scared. We're not so bad."

"Yeah. If you go together, you know? Huh?"

The misunderstanding of the attitude of compassion was a killer. Anyway, one person who is approaching to reach his shoulder -friendly arms.

'... just burn it.'

I would rather hold the earthworm by hand, and I didn't want to give anything to things.

Looking at the upcoming arm, I was able to conclude easily.

So the fire that was so fried over the palm of the palm I want to raise seeds.

-We!

"Click ...!"

"...?"

In the painful screams, he opened his eyes in a compassion.

The arms that stretched towards him were bent in the opposite direction of the joints.

Suddenly, Lee Hyun turned his wrist back and scored low.

"Dare to do something like such a girdle ..."

The voice of discomfort and anger is pressed.

It was lukewarm in the face of compassion, which seemed to have been invaded.

"You, what are you doing ... ah! Fuck wrong, wrong ...!"

I can't dare to be his opponent.

It is too obvious without saying it.

Already, bad colleagues were not able to run away. Only one person caught by his devil twisted his body in pain and pleaded for mercy.

And the eyes of Lee Hyun and his compassion are encountered, and they are slightly squeezed.

Lee Hyun noticed it without words.

He grabbed his wrist and grabbed the bully on the floor.

"I go out right now. If I saw it again ..."

"Huik ...!"

hmm. That will not happen. If you look at it before the warning is over.

So compassion is thinking, Lee Hyun is coming to her.

Picking out his arm with a compassionate face.

"... I had a hard time.

But instead of holding his arms or holding his arms, he stretches his arms and grabs her opposite shoulder and pulls it roughly.

I wore half of my compassionate body to him.

And his voice is not yet cool.

"Senior. Where are you injured?"

"No, no. Will I lose to those guys? Wait a minute ..."

"Then what is your body?"

Gwak.

And the grasping of her slender shoulders.

Monitary desire and possessions that feel obvious.

So I swallowed my saliva without knowing.

Kung, thump, thump.

She tries to ignore the heartbeat of the heart that rings her body, and she opened her mouth.

"Dang, of course not."

Only then was it under compassion that felt sorry for the grip.

"I'm glad."

"... and protection."

I deliberately talked about it and was regrettable.

The two entered the zoo side by side as if nothing happened.

Yon -min, who reminded me of something late, looks up at Lee Hyun.

Lee Hyun, who felt that dissatisfied gaze, questioned her. "Suddenly why?"

"... but why do you only say to me?"

"...?"

Lee Hyun, who did not understand the meaning, made an absurd look. I spoke in a voice that felt sorry for being compassion.

"... White Seo Yeon is always a kite."

"When I was characterized by seniors ... Ah."

Then, Lee Hyun, who understands her dissatisfaction, looks down at compassion.

"Are you jealous?"

"Ji, jealous ... What are you talking about ...!"

For a moment, his face shaken and denied his head.

Unlike herself, she smiled and smiled.

Compassion is a voice that is similar to an excuse.

"That, that was that it was the story. Of course, I don't like the name of the senior, but I don't like it, but it's a bit different today. I'm not in the Academy, and I'm the first date they do.

"..."

It was exceptionally long today.

Lee Hyun just looked at her.

Somehow, should I say that intention is obvious?

Well, there is no reason to listen to compassion.

Even if you look at your affection for yourself.

Lee Hyun, who made such an easy decision, simply spoke out as he still saw a long excuse.

"Well ... Minha?"

"Huh, huh ..."

The reaction was immediate.

I stopped speaking, and I leaned my head.

The ball was hot as if it were burned. My breath didn't get out of breath.

'Jin, calm ...!'

Compassion was barely suppressing the heat.

Then he coughed, coughing, and pretending to be casual.

"... Well, it's not bad. It's worth listening. Then today I keep calling that ..."

"By the way ... Isn't it fun if you do this?"

"...?"

And Lee Hyun asked an unknown question.

This time, I frowned slightly as if compassion did not understand.

"What do you mean?"

"I am my brother when I hit it."

"what...!"

Then, the face of compassion, who noticed Lee's meaning, was painted.

It was a very common thing in the cradle that the older students were older than the senior students.

Normally, when puberty ends after puberty, the flowering occurs as a wizard, but the time is different from individuals.

Naturally, the hierarchy between seniors and juniors is not an age, but a thorough grade It is divided. Naturally, I have been accustomed to those who are second graders.

Moreover, some of the big men dare to act on her brother of the five families.

Except for the only one in front of it, it was impossible for anyone.

"Well, cheek ...! Dare to go to junior topics ...!"

"As you said, it's not an academy. Who did you just do?"

Lee Hyun was still smiling. I don't care at all in the attitude of compassion that shoots anxiously.

"Shouldn't we be equally treated with each other?

"읏 ... but ...!"

ZGVPDDC2CMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVDHNQZUXZUXQZUXQAEHMUULZVHUULZVHUUXR3Q1Q1Q1Q1Q1Q1QJHNPBHZ6WGGVXHZ6WGVQXHZMRZVARA

The compassion that was overwhelmed by my tricks rolled his feet.

First of all, there was some shame.

But to be honest, I don't like it.

If you think about it, I tried to try a similar attempt alone.

So, Lee Hyun's words just pulled fire inside her.

"really..."

Finally, he murmured with a deeply involved deeply.

"... I really want to hear me like that?"

"huh."

"읏 ..."

And the answer comes without hesitation.

There is no room for choice anymore. I closed my compassion.

And finally, the gear came out of the mouth of a word that I imagined and had not spit out.

"Hyun, Hyun is brother ..."

"..."

And I couldn't see it, but even Lee Hyun, who had a smile as if he was teasing all the time, was a little surprised.

Lee Hyun stared at compassion for a while.

But soon, he returned his facial expressions, and he screamed back like a few strands of hair flowing down to the face of compassion.

"...good job."

"Huh, huh ..."

And bourgeoe, compassion for the body.

She only opened her eyes and shook her head slightly with a shy flush.

"I don't know ..."

Lee Hyun, who was looking at such compassion all the time, added a playfully.

"Do you have to write a respect for your brother?"

"John, what is respect ...!"

The demands beyond the province made a wonderful expression and heard.

"Enemies, moderately ...! There's a line even though you can play ...!"

"Respect."

"It's only one year old to say, but what is the words ..."

"Respect."

"Huh ..."

But in the end The momentum was broken.

Although he was tears in shame, the strange heat and virtue were struggling in her heart.

The place is barely hidden by the remaining senior's prestige.

The only thing that remains is that only a handful of desire to be low and humble.

After trying to turn away, he finally left him in his desire to compassion for him late.

"Al, I see ... brother."

Compassion said he leaned down. Lee Hyun laughed satisfactorily.

"I keep calling today."

"...yes."

Compassion nodded.

It was a flush that was not covered by a deep hat.

******************************* Chapter 292 *******************************

Only a dream like a dream, evening.

-Shoya ...

A strong raindrop is poured out as if a hole in the sky is drilled. The dark clouds were very dark around, and the sound of thunder was heard.

The two were avoided by leaning under the eaves of a building. The time is already passing, but the rain has not stopped.

Lee Hyun, who suddenly wet the clothes in the rain, turned his head and asked.

"are you okay?"

"What is your brother?"

I answered naturally.

Role play was over, but she was very enthusiastic about her tone.

"It's a date, but I didn't know the weather was like this. If it's ..."

"Uh, it's."

He shook his head, hiding a slightly hot heart.

She had to work more to hide the mouth of her mouth.

I knew it would rain in the first place, but I chose today.

"I must have seen the wrong forecast.

"The early summer weather is original because it is a whimsical ..."

Lee Hyun continued to look at compassion as if he was worried.

Hats are flew to strong winds, and long hair is wet.

At the same time, the feet are fine and the feet are fine, but the cardigan and the skirt have already eaten the water.

It was not the only thing that was difficult for Lee Hyun, because it was enough to shine underneath.

Without knowing that it is a plan that all is a compassion.

-Shoy ah ...!

I've already been waiting for a long time, but the raindrops were getting stronger, rather than thinner.

Eventually, Lee Hyun shook his head.

"No. Let's go back. You can see the night market next time. Unfortunately ..."

"How do you go to the cradle ...? It takes a few minutes to walk around ... But you can't call anyone now ... The skirt will be wet ..."

"I can't go up ...?"

"Then the back will get wet. I have to listen to the umbrella there ..."

Every thought of compassion, Lee Hyun's thoughts continued to refuse.

At first glance, it is difficult, but it is reasonable enough to think about the delicacy of the age woman.

"hmm..."

So Lee is in trouble to find a new method.

The compassion rained shook the sky.

"Huh ..."

Then he sighs a deep sigh that is really full of regret and even a good struggle.

"... I can't help it, what."

Subsequently, he was calmly speaking.

I feel calm, but I feel a bit resigned In a tone that just loses.

"Is there a good way?"

Instead of compassion, I shook my head.

Lee Hyun turned to that direction.

And what you see straight is the blinking sign of a lodging business.

"uh..."

Lee Hyun looked at the striking neon sign for a while. Later, I heard a subtle compassion.

"... Shall we rest for a while?"

***

"Huh ..."

Inside the bathroom was filled with rare water vapor.

After a shower, he was confronted with his own pupils.

Although the nervous color was strong, the mouth was satisfied with a satisfactory smile.

"at las."

As if she was tasting gourmet, she closed her eyes and reflected on the day.

It was a satisfactory day that I could not want more.

Honestly, it was good to be coercive.

Do you know Lee Hyun?

The fact that her body is already wrapped in an invisible chain.

Such is that he has no choice but to follow him.

So all that remains is to take a picture of Hwaryong.

So that the chain of your own body can be harder.

More than anyone else.

She reflected on her last plan.

Hmm, it's not a promise, but I don't want to break anyway.

The bright color is the next one of the prestigious redshare, but I can't do that.

Although she laid all the plates, she did not want to ask Lee Hyun to ask for something.

No, it's like a chimney.

Rather, should he say that he is better to reveal his will?

If so, there will be only one thing to do.

Shaking the tail next to it.

"...good."

He muttered as if he was compassionate, and finally went out of the bathroom.

On the outside, only one thin gown is revealed.

"senior..."

And Lee Hyun's voice is full of difficulty at first glance.

I am comparable to this.

"Um? Why, brother?"

"Let's go for a while until the rain stops.

"What should I do? It rains so much."

Compassion was casually changing the tone.

"Then wear your clothes properly."

"I don't like it. It's all wet in the rain."

Compassion shook his head.

"I have to wait until I dry."

She turned to the corner of the room.

In front of the hanger where the water dripping, a fireball without smoke was burning in the air.

Anyway, I have to dry my clothes . However, the output has been ordered by ordering the spirit.

... at least before dawn, that clothes didn't dry out.

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVAC9YMZJEAKJEAKJEAKJEMMMMMPNDYRLBVAI9WDVE0WU5BNXDFWLNMTKJSEG

"ha..."

Lee Hyun sighed full of trouble.

He had not seen compassion.

And she did not miss this sign.

The source of the sigh was not dissatisfied with anything else.

It is clear desire to contain it.

"..."

I had to barely endure the popping laughter.

Now he is reference.

Expressing your own desires.

Originally he is faithful to his feelings. It is easy to see if you look at yourself all the time.

Such a silent obsession and monopoly desires.

And I don't know anything else, but a person who gains relief and comfort in a compassion.

Of course, it's not very rugged. Didn't he say that he would take all three people, but he would be blatantly.

But now I didn't want to worry about such a trivial.

There was only one fact.

Now that man is like a dangerous dam that will fall as it is.

And the only person who will accept the desire to pour ... only himself.

"Because it's done, you wash it too? Do you change your clothes."

"No, I ..."

Sprouting such a heart-hidden, and pity, he approached him and sat down.

It was so intimate, so there is nothing awkward.

But the sensation of a man who is conveyed.

I was compelled to swallow the saliva.

And decided.

To help him make it easier to choose.

"... senior? What are you doing now?"

"Look back. I'll help you change your clothes. It's wet and you can't peel off well?"

Compassion was narrowed even more.

She quickly peeled off her outerwear.

The thin shirt was a bunch of water, revealing his well -trained body.

Only one layer. Beyond it, the fluttering skin, the hard muscles that can be felt just by holding a little hand.

Navigat biting his lips to open his lips to be confused.

The room was silent. Even though Lee Hyun -hyun is compassion, it was only a hot heat to walk along the air.

Tuk, Tuk, Tuk. The button of the shirt worn by Lee Hyun goes out one by one. He was compassionate and repeatedly repeated.

And finally, I was trying to loosen the last button.

"senior."

"Uh, huh? Suddenly why ...!"

I screamed in a compassion that I was trying to answer unintentionally.

At the moment, her body floated in the air.

She was heard. It was a touch of a soft bed that was thrown and felt behind the back.

The dark gowns have been a long time since they have lost their minimal functions. I was embarrassed without thinking about the body that was almost defenseless.

"Gap, why do you suddenly do it ..."

"Okay. Now you don't have to postpone."

Kung, thump.

The footsteps are heavy today. Lee Hyun, who revealed the muscular upper body, was approaching her.

"Yeon, smoke ... I don't know what you mean ..."

"It's like that. You didn't think you would not be heard?"

Lee Hyun, who leaned on a bed, overlapped her, as if he had overlapped. He was firmly tightly under the limbs under compassion. Due to the initial rebellion, the suppression continued.

"Work, so calm down. Then ..."

"Well, it's time to keep an appointment."

"Promise ...? Hi ...!"

Compassion was screamed. This is because Lee Hyun whispered her earl light with her tongue.

"Promise to make my own."

It was done.

Finally, he screamed in joy in compassion.

Suddenly, she headed for expectations. Then he shook his body.

It's a beast that is on my desire to get on myself.

"ah..."

I was confused with a compassion. The legs that were already relaxed did not even listen.

"After, the junior topic is cheek ... ha ha?!"

"Stop now."

It was a formal rebellion that was compassion for it, but it did not go for a moment. Lee Hyun could easily disable her by just biting her neck.

"Ha, ah ... Wait a minute ... 흣 ...!"

Lee's mouth was gradually descending a blatant place along the neck. All that can be done was just to spit out that I didn't like it.

He did not make fun of his hands in the meantime. The hand of the man who was tied to her arms turned to the gown that was barely covering the advanced.

And the man's hand finally grabbed the thin piece of cloth, and he was hiding it. The moment I was trying to reveal it.

-Quang !!!

The sound that sounds like an explosion was the opening of the door of the rooms they stay. Lee Hyun, who was wary of changing his posture for a moment, murmured and murmured.

"Yuna ...?"

"... compassion."

Even in the dark, I could see the golden eyes shining. The empty pupils only ignored the bewildered Lee Hyun and gave up their hatred to the underlying compassion.

"I don't know this figure, it's like a dog mop ..."

And for the first time in a compassion, he had a frivolous swear word in his mouth.

'Oh, fuck.'

******************************* Chapter 293 *******************************

"I knew it. I didn't believe in the promise of redness."

The empty light white Seo -yeon chewed his lips and said. At the moment, a dark chill was coming to her.

"Even if you are unscrupulous ...!"

"I'm sorry, I didn't do anything?"

The compassion that caused the gown and caused the body said.

She ended up to Baekseo -yeon.

Then, with a little smile, he looked back at Lee Hyun, who was not yet able to grasp the situation.

"He's hit first."

"gibberish."

"If you were listening, you would know? I keep hate. You can't do it in such a situation?"

"Ha, who believes in such a flimsy lie ..."

Baek Seo -yeon wrote in a cold sculpture.

"I stick to it like a prostitute next to it, but the man is not over?"

"But this year keeps a rag proud from before ..."

Compassion was crumpled and threatened. It was a natural anger because I missed the scene I dreamed of in front of my nose.

Of course, it was no different from white Seoyeon. She almost lost the order in a moment and had a strong hostility without before.

"... I can't say it. My mistake. I should have been imprinted at that time."

"Who says ...!"

The frost spread under the feet of Baekseo Yeon with the sound. The face -to -face compassion also fried the flame over the palm of the hand.

The two women were on the verge of making a decision. There was no idea to retreat.

"stop."

And he looked at the moment when he was compassionate with Baek Seo -yeon. This is due to the disappearance of the frost and fireworks that were just before the conflict.

After all, they were in an intangible space.

The owner of a low and heavy voice just heard.

"Both stop now."

Lee Hyun, who grasped the situation, went out to settle the turmoil.

"You know you shouldn't fight here? Then what if the building collapses."

"But ... 읏."

White Seo -yeon, who was trying to protest as if he was uncomfortable, swallowed a moment. This is because he was able to see the upper body of the muscular muscular, which was well trained with dark lights.

I barely grabbed the pupils that she became stupid.

"That, but this time I can't ...! He's first ... Hi ...!"

"I told you to stop. Would you really not listen?"

Suddenly, Lee Hyun was lightly holding Baekseoyeon with one hand and caught on his shoulder. She was late to grasp the situation I screamed and screamed, but I didn't think it would be released.

And he was looking at him with a pity that he had a compassion. At first glance, the pupils were also sad.

what? Suddenly changing your opponent in this situation? It's like a man without this.

Compassion was that he pouted his lips with that thought.

"Well, what ...!"

"Senior is still still."

Lee Hyun said with a compassion on the opposite shoulder. He walked steadily, not on the movement of the two.

Finally, he entered the bedroom and threw two in bed with the size of the three.

"Hah ..."

"Sleep, sleep ..."

"Both come."

Lee Hyun told the two who wanted to protest. The dissatisfied red lips quickly became honey dumb.

In the night's room, the tranquility was reduced again. Yon -min and Baek Seo -yeon only realized the situation they were in.

Lee Hyun was still looking down at them without a nursery rhyme. It was a calm coming overwhelmingly.

"Is it so important to know who to do first?"

"읏 ..."

"but..."

Escape from the eye was the same as the answer. Lee Hyun finally nodded and said short.

"good."

"Why, why yes Hyuna ..."

"suddenly..."

Lee Hyun, who came up to the bed, leaned as if they were on their stomach. The two drove to the head of the bed were shaking lightly, but they didn't know if they were fear or joy.

Lee Hyun looked down at them silently. It's like looking at the prey to hunt.

Then he smiled slightly and finally opened his mouth as if he was declaring.

"Then, the three should be together."

***

"Um ..."

The sunlight in the morning was soaked late in the window. Baek Seo -yeon slightly moaned the tickling of the eyelids and raised his body.

She somehow attention to the pain of the stiff lower body.

And in the bed of the bed, he blushed and dragged the blanket with a blush.

"ah..."

I bowed to the shame, but the smile of the mouth was force force. The full joy and satisfaction beyond the pain was filling her body.

Baek Seo -yeon, who shook her head for a while, found someone.

Then he got up from bed and wore a gown and headed to the kitchen connected to the room.

"Hyuna ...?"

Lee Hyun, who turned his back, was busy. Seo Yeon, who discovered a trace like Hal Quinn in his arm, is open again. I felt it.

Perhaps deeper nail streets remain on his back. And at least half of them were what they did.

"Did you get up?"

"Uh, yeah ..."

Lee Hyun, who heard the popularity, handed her everyday greetings. Somehow, in a awkward heart, Seo Yeon nodded.

Then he struck his head and snooped over Lee's shoulder.

"What are you doing ...? Are you preparing for the morning ...?"

"Yeah. I'm going to rest. I'll call you when I'm ready."

"Do you help me? I too ..."

Seo Yeon said that he felt a little pounding. After that night, you are ready for breakfast. Isn't it like a newly married couple?

Seo Yeon imagined herself moving in a busy apron with her head behind her head.

However, Lee Hyun shook his head with a puzzled expression.

"You can't cook well ...?

"Eon, when to talk about it ...!"

Baek Seo -yeon, who reminded him of the history of black history, rolled his foot and cried.

"Now it's not? I'm really good at cooking! I have practiced so much ...!"

"Okay, heh."

Lee Hyun smiled and passed the words of Seoyeon.

"It's okay, so go more. I'm not tired yet. Today I'm ... Yuna?"

-Pook.

Baek Seo -yeon, who suddenly approached Lee Hyun's back, embraced his back. Lee Hyun, who felt that sense, stopped moving.

Seo Yeon said that he was squeezed with his face on a wide and hard back.

"I was a little smaller than me before."

"... when you talk about it."

Lee Hyun -hyun turned around and faced Baekseoyeon. She still looked up and looked up at him.

"What do you think?"

"... just, that's that."

Lee Hyun's question was answered in a voice that Baek Seo -yeon regretted. Her gaze stayed in a faint scar under his eyes.

It was not Lee Hyun who did not know the heart of white Seoyeon. He gently passed the bangs of the distracted Seoyeon.

"... let me go now. Think of work in the future. How can you be happier?"

"...huh."

Seo Yeon nodded his head again. In the kitchen for a while, I could not hear anything other than the sound of boiling water.

And the blunt popularity in the door.

"... You are very lover."

"Wake up, senior?"

Lee Hyun turned his head and greeted him. I was holding my back slightly as if there was a pain in my compassion.

Definitely enemies Like the neck and the chest that was revealed by the compassion of the two, there were dark red bruises.

"Hey, falling from my men's arms."

"What? Whoever?"

In the words of the shooting compassion, Baek Seo -yeon replaced his tongue and replied. I murmured, swallowing a compassionate lament.

"Ha ... I was with me for the first time ... I feel stealing something ..."

"Ha? Theft is theft that you tried to do.

"This year is really ...!"

"Both, please stop."

Lee Hyun sighed and intervened between the two. Slightly descended, he handed over to the two of the coffee.

"It was good last night."

"joy."

"Who is good."

"I don't remember? They were holding hands."

And at the end of Lee Hyun's words, the two shouted with a blush.

"that...!"

"Uh, that's why ...!"

It was a forceful force in the trandy. The two turned their heads with the shame that they could not shake off.

"Will you fight like this every morning?"

In between, Lee Hyun sipped the coffee. In his casual words, Baek Seo -yeon questioned it.

"It's always ... Then three together ...?"

"You don't know? Will you hold your hands every night and get better."

"Real, you said it was a mistake ...!"

At the end of Lee Hyun -ha, the compassion was again. Then Seo Yeon, who remembered something, smiled and shed her.

"Well ... I think it's still too much for Minha."

"Suddenly something bullshit ..."

"Oh, don't you remember? You were stunned in the middle of yesterday.

"That, that's ...!"

The compassion was forgotten. Then she suddenly fingered Lee Hyun.

"What do you do so well ...!"

"me...?"

Lee Hyun, who was targeted to sleep, became bewildered. I was told by him like a really uncomfortable person.

"My wife, I thought it was sick, but what do you think it's so good ...! Jin, it's really the first time? Why is it so good ...! Why is it so big ...!"

"What are you talking about ... Of course it's the first time ..."

Lee Hyun said, avoiding his eyes slightly. Of course it is not a lie.

It's just a little bit of good learning.

Get a little help from the manager in memory.

"Anyway ... Thanks to you, you know that Hyun has bothered me all night?"

Baek Seo -yeon was faithfully using the opportunity obtained after a long time.

"Where are you going to practice? How about? I put anything alone ... ha ha! "

Baek Seo -yeon, who was teased by compassion, screamed at the moment. Lee Hyun hit her ass enough to sound.

Seo Yeon raised his hand on the right area, and he was tears and listened to Lee Hyun.

ZGVPdDc2cnQxMFU0bVlrbnZITXlVa3pkRzlSVVR4VW5UUmtYVmFPeFc1OXNKZ213R1NJbGlIcDhHVjNsY3VBNQ

"Suddenly what is ...!"

"I can't."

Lee Hyun put down the cup he had drank. In his changed attitude, the two looked puzzled.

"Well, what's not going ...?"

"To be punished. I think both of them are still energy."

He shook his head casually.

"Both hold the table and turn back."

The eyes of the two faced Lee Hyun's lower body. White Seo-yeon, who found something, and compassion, avoided the eye and swallowed the saliva.

"Jin, really ...?"

"It's still morning ... I'm ashamed ..."

"I told you to catch it."

"읏 ..."

Lee Hyun ignored the words of the two. His hesitant white Seo -yeon followed his words with a blush. I felt the coming of the back behind my waist.

The long day was just beginning.

******************************* Chapter 294 *******************************

A Dong A Old Training Room.

Lee Hyun was avoiding someone's eyes with a nice look.

In front of him, a blonde girl was staring at the air in vain with her tears.

The traces of the day before, the traces of blatant and blatant still remained in his arms and neck.

Last time, it was like that, but I just thought it was a difference in order.

In response to the women's reactions, Lee Hyun desperately felt the need to change his thoughts.

"Hey, so this is ..."

"...it's okay."

Lee Hyun, who could not endure the thorn cushion, was looking at his mouth.

Surprisingly, the truth was quickly and spoke.

"uh?"

"It's okay."

Lee Hyun, who was especially intended to go over today, was bewildered even if he had a heart pain.

"Then forgiveness ... are you doing it?"

"It's. What are you forgiveness?"

Even in repeated questions, the truth was still dumped.

"I didn't do it wrong, but I actually think that's right. My sisters should be first."

"but..."

"It's okay. If I'm really sorry, I practiced today and help me hard."

This is why Jin -seo called him as a training room.

Lee Hyun was rather sorry for her attitude that he passed over.

He nodded enthusiastically at the words of the truth.

"You're training? Okay. Until today's stun ..."

"읏, stun ..."

Somehow, Jin -seo blushed slightly.

Then he made a look and shook his head.

"... No, today I asked me to help others."

"Others ...?"

"huh."

Jin Ye -seo answered Lee Hyun, who looked puzzled.

She searched for her baggage and pulled something out of her main island and threw it to Lee Hyun.

A few pieces of paper that say something similar to a conversation. At first glance, I could not know the purpose.

As Lee Hyun asked for an explanation, he looked at Jin Yeo.

"Do you know that you are starting from tomorrow?"

"Can you not know?"

"I, when I start school, try to join the acting club."

"...suddenly?"

"I just want to try it. At this time or when do you do that? When I graduate, I have to be dragged to the army."

Jin -seo answered casually.

It was not a big reason, but it was not a reason to be convinced.

Lee Hyun nodded and said.

"Yes. But then it's really busy. Student council activities, now to the club."

"Well, though ..."

"It's good. Then I will study alone ..."

"No, no ! "

Lee Hyun also planned to replenish the theoretical theoretical study when the semester resumes again.

Therefore, I tried to seek help from the previous book, but it is inevitable to be busy.

Because of my greed, I can't put my lungs on others.

Therefore, I tried to express that meaning, but the truth shook up to my eyes and hurriedly cut my head.

"That, that much time is enough! Do not think anything else? Uh?"

"It's something else ... it's. It's a busy person ..."

"Okay, it's okay !!"

Jin Ye -seo screamed and said.

"Just ask others to teach me. I'm really angry at that time? You know your skills best?"

"...okay."

Lee Hyun was a shameful face, but he nodded his head at the end.

After seeing it, Jin -seo barely sighed relief.

"Anyway ... I called me to help me acting today, not Dalian."

"performance...?"

"Uh. It's a condition to get the script you wrote.

The dialogue that was thrown by Jin Yeo seemed to be a script she wrote.

Lee Hyun immediately turned over the paper and started reading the script.

It was not so long that it was not difficult to grasp the plot.

There are only two characters.

The protagonist is a girl who has inherited martial arts stamps from her father.

The villain is a bad boat who comes to the paint and pays back the debt.

The girl who couldn't stand the tyranny of the bullies eventually represented the seal and dueled him, and eventually won, and the seal regained peace.

And Lee Hyun's appreciation after seeing this ...

'... this is a play?'

Honestly, wouldn't it fall out of the interview without the facts of the family?

No matter how hobby clubs.

However, Lee Hyun finally swallowed his words and shook his head.

You will not have to put him on his mouth.

Above all, now I barely had a truth. If you make a useless sound, you might be an irreversible anger.

Moreover, now, the debt of the heart is erased.

It would be a wise decision in many ways to match her.

"how is it?"

"... I wrote well. Fun."

Lee Hyun, who concluded, naturally praised her.

"That's right? I spent the night last year. I see it."

"..."

Lee Hyun's mouth I praised my decision by seeing the truth.

Then I was sorry for my sorry.

"Anyway, can I act as this bad boat? The protagonist is you?"

"huh."

Jin -seo nodded.

"But to help you help ... I'm not good at acting."

Lee Hyun said, recalling the evaluation of the leader.

"Isn't it just interruption?"

"It's okay. I'm going to do it for me. You just have to pretend to be moderate."

"Then what ... how much?"

"I usually do it like a real Dalian. It's easy to immerse myself if there is reality."

"...okay."

Lee Hyun nodded and answered.

After a moment of knowing the script, the practice began.

Facing Jin Ye -seo, Sun Lee Hyun was a seal of her mouth.

ENN1WNIZCFHMVJUR0JVDKNPC013MJJXC3LLEVL3OXP2zxcezxceJJJYMX4WDNDRGPHRLP1KZV04WFBNEQ

A Jin -seo who didn't miss him said to Lee Hyun.

"Hey. Do it serious."

"I'm sorry. It's a mistake."

"You're a debenture right now? There's no blood or tears. And inner heart is black heart.

"...? okay."

It seemed strangely added, but Lee Hyun nodded.

In contrast, the truth was sincerely immersed in the role.

A passion for being ashamed of being ashamed of him who couldn't stand laughter.

It was not possible to show a statue in front of her.

"This is a rugged party. The gear came today."

A breathable vibration book opened his eyes.

Then he looked at Lee Hyun in a tone of determination.

"I must have told you. I can't pass this stamp to you."

"..."

Even without Lee's ambassador, the truth was a word.

What is different from Dalian practice in the first place?

Lee Hyun tried to overcome the rising questions.

"I will never just send this time! I will definitely knock you down for the peace of the seal ...!

With a passionate spirit, a lower body was rushed. From here, it was Lee Hyun's work.

A few sums of the summaries said with a slightly powerful look.

"Ha, ha ...!

It was initially half of Dalian. Lee Hyun -seo is unlike words I could see that I was going to Dalian without blatantly strength.

"ha...!"

The true book dug into him and fists on his chin. Lee Hyun slightly flipped the upper body and lightly avoided the attack.

'But I really asked me to do it like Dalian.'

-Prom!

"Huh ...!"

Lee Hyun kicked her ship with her feet. Jin -seo stumbled with a short moan.

It won't hurt. The usual tenths of work is an attack that does not give power. Above all, the belly is a precious area.

It should be said that her acting is real.

"Ha, ha ...!"

Jin Ye -seo stumbled slightly and stared at Lee Hyun.

"This, this strong opponent is ... but I can never give up ...! Ha ...!"

'Would you like this?'

The rewards rushed to him. Lee Hyun thought, lightly avoiding a lush attack.

And at the same time, at the same time, a room with a light fist again on her ship.

-Prom!

"Huh ...!"

And once again, the screams, who screamed, finally rolled the floor of Dalian.

Lee Hyun approached him on the truth. And she arrested her whole body so that she could not rebel.

Everything was flowing in the script.

It was a dark color, but in the end, the practice was finished when I fed a fierce room and made a ending of the bullies.

Now, the truth will overturn themselves. Lee Hyun was feeling proud because he successfully helped his friend's practice.

"Huh ... well ... I can't ..."

"?"

But what you hear is a miserable and sad crying that is not in the script.

Lee Hyun looked down with a bewildered look.

"Oh, Pay ... because it's wrong ... Please stop ..."

In the eyes of Jin Ye -seo, tears were lung. The hair was distracted by the aftermath of Dalian, so I felt like I became a real bad guy.

"Hey, what are you doing now ..."

"I want my body ...?"

"?"

"Everyone knows everything ... I always stole me with black hearts ..."

Jin Ye -seo was ignoring Lee Hyun's words and continuing words that were not in the script. Soon she closed her eyes as if she decided to do something.

Then he slightly loosened his chest and opened his mouth with tears.

"Please end with my body ... Don't touch other kids ..."

"No, I ..."

"Please ... I'll pray like this ... Yes ...?"

Unlike the desperate words, her eyes were drawing a line. The thighs were closer than before, and they were holding him like a spider web.

With a light smile passing by the mouth, Lee Hyun thought only one.

I was hit.

******************************* Chapter 295 *******************************

The main gate of the cradle, which resumed in a few weeks, was very cluttered. This is because the students who returned back to the vibrant atmosphere were still talking.

"There, don't stand upright!"

In the middle of the middle, a girl with a braided head and wearing glasses with both branches screamed.

The armband of the forearm of the forearm was exceptionally noticeable in contrast to the white uniform. Leading manager Choi Yi -ri was also burning to keep the order of cradle today.

leadership.

Literally leads to the right and good way.

It was also a natural word for her to be born with a magical master's duty to rule the country in the future.

That's why I chose the leader without hesitation since I was a freshman.

Last war.

Instead of going forward, Choi has been believed to be a difficult place to establish a major, and volunteered for the security of the capital of the capital.

When society is confused, garbage is flooded at the bottom. It was her willingness to deal with a black horse or criminal.

Other students who couldn't go forward often expressed their regret, but Choi was an exception. Rather, she was proud of her choice, which played a big role in stabilizing the capital of the capital.

The current leading activities were also an extension of such pride.

Someone needed that the students who were released during the leave of absence were needed again.

"This is an accelerator. It's not in the list of licensed drugs?"

She narrowed the brow after seeing the medicine she discovered.

"Old. And 10 points of penalty."

"10 points ... one, please look at it once ...!"

"Rejection. Next !!"

Choi Ki -ri kicked the back of the student who begged for mercy.

Today, the day is exceptional, so the leading members can notice.

No, it's actually this state for the last few weeks?

"ha..."

Choi sighed as if he was powerful. Beyond her glasses, the sky in the early summer was shown.

Contrary to the peaceful landscape, her chest was rotten all the time.

'Will he be okay ...'

Choi was dying.

The name of the fever that had some body and mind was unrequited.

It was to say the man who met like a fate at the shadow banquet.

Even now, if you close your eyes, his face and voice are clearly shy in their heads.

It was like a gentleman's sample, who encouraged his activities tenderly.

It was such a fateful meeting ...

'Kwon Yuri ... Not helping ...! '

Choi has changed his teeth.

I missed the man because I was catching the man who hosted the illegal banquet.

Obviously a real person. There is a significant connection to be allowed to enter the cradle and be invited to the shadow banquet.

But after that day, the man of destiny disappeared like a mirage.

Even if I searched the human list, I could not find even the same, so it was really crazy and jumping for Choi.

'It is clear that it is the restraint of the famous family after seeing the elegance ...

no.

Choi, who was thinking about it, shook his head.

What is so important that is from a family and from a family?

Even if the man was a numbness and a lower class from the periphery, she would not care.

If you feed yourself forever, stop. Not the ability to do so.

'What do you do ... maybe you're hurt in this crash ...? Do you have to mobilize the minions of the family at all ... '

There is only one hopes for him. Please appear once more before you.

"Huh ..."

So Choi was a sad sigh.

Suddenly, the tremendous grandeur from beyond the main gate interferes with her delusions.

Waked in the thoughts, Choi, made a look like a demon.

You took very well. 20 penalties and faltery.

"There! Do not be quiet? Who dare to be turmoil in the field of sacred learning ...!"

Choi, who turned like that, was trying to scream.

She found something and stopped moving.

"uh...?"

It was a strange landscape. The students were on the road as if the sea split.

Beyond that is a tall boy.

At first glance, a well -trained body, a cool limb that stretches straight.

And even the shy and clear smile that seems to be embarrassed for himself.

Choi raised his hand and pinched his ball hard.

The painful pains felt only added realism, but nevertheless, she could hardly believe the view before her eyes.

That boy's face is ...

"Good morning, senior Choi."

"Uh, Ah ..."

The boy who stopped in front of the gate greeted her, but Choi Lee didn't know what to do and spit out stupid moans.

Choi was resentful of himself. I want to hold my head hard.

However, it was also a force force.

The heart is thumping and on the face The hot heat is hot. The missing fingers were too hard to hold the blade.

In this unrealistic situation, it would be more no longer to maintain insane.

... but what is it just?

"Senior ...?"

"...? Yes, senior."

As Choi spit out, the boy who looked bewildered wonderingly wandered his head. Like you ask for that for granted.

She was dazed for a while. Soon after, as if the paint spread, he had a bright smile on his face.

"oh my god..."

"...?"

Choi was tormented with Hef without knowing. It was happiness that felt like a dream.

I have no choice but to. Isn't the man who was so looking for a cradle of the cradle and calling himself a senior?

The waves of thoughts were sweeping her brain. Then would you deceive your age?

It's hard, but there's no reason to see it once.

I haven't seen a freshman welcome meeting. Is it called transfer?

... to see yourself?

"How ..."

Fresh joy filled her cheeks. No matter how much I thought about it, I didn't think of it.

After all, we were fate, and Choi thought so.

She pushed the schedule on her head today. Then I started to fill the vacancy with service for that boy.

The two guide the school, invited the leader to the leader, and the senior is too hard. anyway.

Anything with me is good. Choi will think so.

Suddenly, she looked at the name tag on the boy's chest.

"uh?"

It was a familiar name. No, the name that was very tight in my head beyond familiarity.

Increasingly, her chin was stupid and added pain. Pain was more clearly awakened.

Finally, it was a moment that Choi had learned the identity of the boy.

"You, you ...!"

She stuttered with her eyes round.

"No way ... black, black, black lotus ...!"

"...? Yes. Black Lotus ... Ah."

Lee Hyun, who was wondering about her attitude all the time, finally burst into elasticity as if he realized something.

After thinking about his attitude for a while, he bowed his head slightly and apologized to Choi.

"It's been a long time, senior. And then I'm sorry."

"Ha, ha, ha ..."

"I wasn't going to deceive it on purpose, but it was like that. I hope you forgive me generously."

"Oh, ah ... that, so ... "

Choi was a broken machine without even thinking about being angry. Contrary to her, Lee Hyun was busy in the century.

Honestly, I don't like Choi, but if you go to the student council anyway, you will see your face every day.

You don't have to continue the last grudge. It's not a bad relationship with her brother, Choi Woo -jin, and more.

As before, I didn't want to spit on others. In order to keep the decision to be visited by Sa Jae -hyuk, it was necessary to transform himself.

And laughter is more scary than a dagger.

Lee Hyun, who remembered the phrase he saw where he saw it, reached out to Choi.

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVB2LURKO5T3L5M1H5TVJYCYCVOzlPramv3KZEVUJHNQLK1ZFLOVXE3M0I4SG

"Can you forgive me?"

"I, I ... uh, yeah ..."

I didn't know what to do. Lee Hyun smiled and grabbed her hand.

"Thank you, senior.

"Hey, hi ..."

It feels like a current flowing from the hand.

Choi Lie trembled lightly. Lee Hyun saw her red face and looked bewildered.

Where is your body bad? The fever is considerable.

In the meantime, it's a leading activity. Anyway, that passion is at least a high height.

Well, you won't be able to intervene.

"Then, let's go in."

"Uh? That, yeah ..."

It was finished even if I was angry. Lee Hyun, who thought so, greeted her and left the front door and disappeared.

Choi was staring at the place he left without even thinking about organizing students. Soon she remembered something and muttered small.

"... Right. Glasses ..."

***

"Hmm ~ Hmm ~"

Kwon Yuri was walking around with a hum.

It was so quiet that the students were still before school went to school. She succeeded in avoiding Choi's eyes and she was going to spend time here for a while.

In the world, she likes to interrupt and is known for her life, but rather, Yuri enjoys being alone.

It was a time to look back on yourself without anyone's inner mind.

"Oh, that's what ..."

Then she raised her hand to her mouth as if she thought of something.

"Is our chick well ...?"

******************************* Chapter 296 *******************************

The winds of early summer were blewing between the trees where the full green light was hovered. Kwon Yuri thought for a while with his eyes closed as if he was in charge of it.

She recalled her first meeting with a boy at the beginning of the semester.

'Because that was the first time.'

Her family, Hocheon's unique magic, 'side'.

Analyzing the particle wavelengths of others to identify inner feelings or to predict the moment of action.

Kwon Yuri was exceptionally suitable behind that, but he never thought he was lucky himself.

-You, why do you hate him so much? Being good in front of you.

-How, how ...!

She has already lived a life of others' malice before it blooms. It's only a fear, alert, and loneliness that comes back to the words that I don't know.

Even the use of the family was busy, and he was busy. She managed to get out of such handling for a long time, and after she was old and learned.

She lived with a mask of the mask of her eyelids for more than a few years. Otherwise, there was no way to stand on its own.

Due to the too strong suitability, Kwon Yuri had to have a constant state of the back after flowering.

By the time I became accustomed to the life of having a silent smile, the notice of admission to the cradle reached in front of Kwon Yuri.

-hi? It is called Baekseoyeon.

One girl who met there was a fresh interest in Kwon Yuri.

Bright beauty, grace and courtesy are naturally soaked.

Good and straight character who treats everyone fairly.

Finally, the next strongest timber will be the following.

The inside of the person who received such a praise was frozen like a thousand cap as if he would not give it to anyone.

However, Kwon Yuri became a friend with such a white Seoyeon. It was because it was more comfortable to treat themselves with indifference rather than having an unknown malice.

At least Baek Seo -yeon rolled her on the side of the road and seemed to think of a stone on her feet.

It was interesting in its own way. It was the first time she had seen so many malice, but it was the first time that she faced so twisted.

What kind of life did people be like this? Obviously, I said it was the bans of Pacheon.

So I became a friend on the surface and spent a year with Baek Seo -yeon, and the new year was bright.

This year, I was very talkative about freshmen. Because of the overlap of several cycles This is because the talented succession of all kinds of family entered the cradle with a rider.

Among them, it is a recommended student who has been interested in 18 years in the Black Route.

-The freshman of the Black Lotus? suddenly?

-You are our juniors. I have to get along like other kids.

It was the first time that Baek Seo -yeon showed interest to someone first. Although she was always saying that she was always saying that she had a smile as always, she was more puzzled because there was a cold wind blowing inside.

ZGVPDDC2CNQMFU0BVLRBNZITXLVCFPCKHKRULSAJLBZGBJUXVNGYNURFOUHXETDQOE8RQLVXUHLKS1BNSW

Anyway, the same faction, Baek Seo -yeon. Kwon Yuri has already found a new student of the Black Route, rumored to be a travel species.

And he saw his back close, and he was shocked to hit the larynx as a hammer.

Masked masks could not be avoided.

What was in front of you was a small child with a wound on the soul. The black and sticky tears of all the sorrow and pain in the world constantly caught him.

If you take your eyes off for a while, it will be suffocated soon and die.

Kwon Yuri took a deep breath without knowing. But she shook her hand with a bright voice with her usual laughter as if she did.

-You, chick!

It was the first time she recognized her juniors who were worried about her. Baek Seo -yeon's attitude toward him also lit up his curiosity.

At first, it seemed like seeing the enemy, but for some reason, Baek Seo -yeon melted down at some point.

But the suffering of the freshmen was getting bigger over time. Kwon Yuri was interesting in the situation, but deliberately treated him and focused on reducing the overload of his brain.

It's not like a figurative expression, but he was like a person standing in a dangerous cliff.

"I'm really ... the chick is okay ..."

Kwon Yuri sighed without knowing. Unlike her, assigned to the cradle, the boy was one of the heroes at the forefront.

It's been a few weeks since I haven't seen him already. In the nature of her juniors, it was probably unable to express stress by now, and the flow would be stagnant.

"Huh ..."

Kwon Yuri turned his eyes and looked at the gate of the distant teeth. Luckily, Choi, who was growls like her to eat her, did not see if she left her for a while. .

Her mouth is drawn to the line.

"...good."

Kwon Yuri, who decided to schedule the next schedule, finally went back to the correction.

Before the first class started, I was going to find him and make fun of it.

It will not be so difficult to find. I'm so tall, and most of all, she doesn't know the mask covered with her face.

Kwon Yuri walked along the hallway with a hum. I was excited about why.

Perhaps because of the rush, she couldn't look around properly and hit her with someone who came down from the stairs.

"ah!"

It was a body that conveyed hard just by touching it for a while. Perhaps because of that, Kwon Yuri wandered like a reed.

The situation just before the staircase falls back.

With the sense of the forearms, the voice of someone who was low and weighty tickled her ears.

"Are you okay, senior?"

"Uh, huh ...?"

Kwon Yuri spit out a bewildered voice. In front of the nose, the tie of the male school uniform was fluttering. That means she is now in her arms.

"Okay, it's okay!"

The surprised Kwon Yuri jumped like a boy. In the midst of urgently organizing the birds, his voice was quite familiar.

I heard it before. But it is more refreshing. Like something that's going to be in front of you.

I wondered about his identity, and the moment I tried to check the face of a larger boy with a head of water.

"I can't be in front of you ..."

She smiled at a distinctive smile and stopped moving and speech.

"Senior?"

"..."

Kwon Yuri did not break the consciousness even in the voice coming. If you are a unique magic of Hocheon. Among the unexpected side effects, there was an excellent aesthetics.

He too, too, was a problem because of his too powerful performance. At the extent, I could never meet the standard of the recommendation, and most of them were unpleasant.

There was also a glimpse of the desires of the sticky and sticky men toward her, so Kwon Yuri was delaying the fiancée, the ambassador of the family, even though he was a young love of Hocheon.

And that face in front of her eyes was so beautiful that she caught her eyes at once.

The scars under that eye can be made as 'like'.

"... Kwon Yuri senior?"

"Oh no! Nothing!"

Kwon Yuri was surprised and surprised after hearing the second call. Catched. She was always a perfect score in meditation classes because of her idea to maintain calmness, but for some reason, she was full of distracting.

But senior.

Barely true, she once again looked like a boy's attention. Apart from the beautifulness, it was also not remembered.

But the badge on Lapel is a clear first grade. If so, are you a transfer student?

I guessed the identity and tried to look at the name tag of the boy.

"ah?"

In the familiar name there, Kwon Yuri once again spit out his lament.

"Bottle, chick ...?"

"yes?"

The boy naturally responded to Kwon Yuri's stupid questions.

"Uh, huh ...?"

The recommendation of the temple was very staggering. In the meantime, the rounded eyes were directed to the boy all the time.

Unlike her, the boy moved forward. Due to the fast speed, the distance between the two was getting closer.

"Sleep, wait ...!"

Kwon Yuri restrained a male student in a hurry. The boy who stopped shook his head as if he was puzzled. Only then did the true Kwon Yuri looked up at him carefully.

"Jin, it's a real chick ...?"

And again, the boy nodded casually. It was a moment when his identity was clearly revealed.

"Are you doing well, senior. I think it's been a long time."