◈ 3 episodes of trains attack (1)
The dusty dust that occurred in the explosion sank.
“Nick it.”
Pases.
While crouching, I woke up with broken debris that covered my body.
Fortunately, there was no wound in the body.The broken debris could not break through the coat I was wearing.
'I didn't know it, so I was good at wearing a strong thing.'
A little while ago, the corridor and the walls of the car were completely flew.
Cold winds on the snowy field have been blowing through the gaps, and the cold wind squeezes the face like a blade.
“...... I thought it was an ordinary robber.”
He burst into a bomb in a situation where he was shocked by a current magic.
This is not an action to see the intensity of the train.
It's more serious than that.
Mind to die together even though he knows he will die.
'The remnant of the prince who fled from the Utah kingdom?no.They are busy hiding now.This is different guys. '
When I was frustrated, I swept my face with my hands and sighed with a fluttering skin.
Somehow, I wanted a cold wind on my face.
“It's expensive, it's a pity.”
Stage profit.
I took off the Infi noodle that I was using on my face.
It was not necessary to continue to be used in the torn yard because of the shock and debris of the explosion.
The face of a man in his 40s who had wrinkles and beards could no longer do his part, so I threw an infinite outside the train.
I wanted to go a little safely, but the unexpected incident would burst.
'So where is the man?'
Route was not seen as a teacher at the Academy.
Immediately after I realized.
When the explosion occurred, the man could not react and was swept there.
Half -flew and broken desolate walls.Ludge is invisible.
Looking out slightly out of the outside and looking down, I saw a cliff.
Under the cliff, the snowstorm was still overwhelmed and full of snow clouds.
'...... must have been dead.'
Anyone who thought it was robbery would be embarrassed if he had a bomb and self -destructive.
If you knew it in advance, you might have been preparing for magic, but the unexpected situation is always happening.
I am a poor person.
If you do, you die on the day when you are appointed as the famous academy teacher.I lighter and prayed for Rudgers.
'I am not the time to relax either.'
I knew they were not ordinary intensity, so the risks rose a few more than a while ago.
All of them are soaked and all of them are self -explosive offensive.If this sturdy magic train, which is protected by magic, may be derailed.
'It's a real goal to see this radical thing.'
Let's run away.
I made a judgment and went to the car.
Drag.
At that moment, the door of the No. 5 car opened, and the deputy manager of a tense face appeared.
“What? Guest. Are you okay?
He was slightly embarrassed to see me standing alone in the flew and the corridor.
I answered calmly.
"The robber was attacked. He was armed with dangerous gunpowder. He was almost swept there."
“That's right.”
"Maybe they are aiming at first car, so we'll be backed back."
"Ah, but it was a car that evacuated other passengers back now."
“That's good.”
I approached the deputy with a relief face.
And as soon as I reached out to reach the distance, I grabbed the deputy's fat and plugged it on the ground as it was.
Quang!
“Why, why, why are you?”
“Did you think that kind of smoke would eat in front of me?”
“Yes, yes?”
The deputy who looks up at this side with a bewildered face.
If I was someone else, I would have erased doubts by seeing his unfair expression, but I am not.
"I wanted to be something strange. The magic train, which is protected by a sturdy defense magic, is so easy to pierce. Besides, I run the rugged arette at a high speed, and the raid appears as if I waited."
“No, what .......”
"It's virtually impossible without anyone in the train. Unless someone turns off the magic that needs to work."
“.......”
At that moment, the deputy's face quickly changed.
He moved his hand and tried to take something out, but I already knew it and prepared.
I pushed a sharp knife under his chin.
“Stay still.”
“.”
“The action is fast.
“.......”
“Are you trying to shut up. Well, it's good.”
I wasn't curious anyway.I caused him with a knife on his neck.
If my expectation is correct, something may have happened in the 5th vehicle.
"in action."
Nay Pro, with his right hand, squeezed his foot as if he had beaten his neck and his left arm.Ugh.
He tried not to follow it, but he moved right away because he twisted the broken arm a little more.
It will be.
“How many colleagues are there beyond me?”
“.......”
“I don't want to say.
At that moment.
Something was heard from the 5th vehicle that the deputy manager passed over.
It was a small sound that could not be heard in the 4th vehicle that flew the bulk wall and the sound of a cold sword outside the train.
My ears, which were extremely alert, captured the sound properly.
Iron.
It is a lot of time and used to be used to metal and metal.
...... It was the sound of pulling the iron.
I grasped it so far, and I threw my deputy as if it were ahead.
Tuta Tata Tata!
Immediately afterwards, a countless bullet baptism passed through the door.
───!
The deputy manager I pushed down and fell as a honeycomb without evacuation.
Sky debris and powder.I looked over the door with my hands covered with my hands.
The bullet did not see the signs to stop easily.
'Is it an institutional gun?I've been preparing very well. '
If so, I have no choice but to use this hand.
In the car I thought so, they stopped shooting if they thought this was enough.
'Even though my colleague went over, I shoot it.I didn't even send any signals. '
That means that the deputy who has already become a mop has said in advance.
If you have no news for some time after you go, you have already been hit.
'Like self -destruction, crazy guys are clear.'
Why is this when I got on this train .......
I woke up in this sigh of life.
I brushed off the powder and dust on my body and stared at the door.
Immediately after the door was smashed, three people with a sturdy size came in the hallway.
“What are you still living?”
“I was so stupid, but I didn't die?”
“What are you going to kill?”
I spit out in an annoying voice while watching them.
They exchanged each other and soon began to come to me with bloody momentum.
The corridor was so narrow that only one person came, and one person had to deal with it.
There's a lot more weight than me.
In other words, I don't want to fight.It is a specification to lose strength in a nice place.
'Even if you come and surrender, I won't accept it.'
Seeing those who are already approaching this side,No matter what I want to do, I won't eat seeds.
They have no idea to save me.
“...... I want to ask one thing.”
In my blunt tone, he wrote his eyebrows as if he was unpleasant, but I couldn't help it.This is originally as natural.
“What is it.
That way.
“What kind of guts did you attack this train? Isn't your life a waste?
“Ha! Was it a threat that didn't work?”
At the forefront of my warning, the guy laughed and picked up a sword that suited my size.
I asked seriously, but it's not worth the answer.
“Cut it into a single knife.”
The size came to me slowly, and I stepped back slowly.
However, the rooms of the half -breaked train were limited and naturally my steps had to stop.
If you try to step back, it falls out of the broken train.
“Huh. There's no place to retreat anymore.”
“Yes.”
If you jump out of the train here, it will follow the rear.
But the front is blocking, so I had to go through to go forward.
“I'm busy and end up as soon as possible!”
The moment he spits out that and tries to run to me.
I triggered the magic that I had prepared in advance.
Quang!
With the sound of the air, the body of the guy who ran to me and hit the sword bounced back like a shell.
Kudangtang!
The guys standing away from behind could not react and bounced together and rolled the floor.
“Turn off.
"wizard?!"
It was a little harder, but I couldn't see the significant pain of being quite strong.
no.Exactly, I wore something inside the clothes.Is it like a protective suit?
Then you can go stronger.
I released the horsepower I collected and carved it.The three -dimensional figure drawn in the air turned into magic, and in a big wind, he floated in the air.
It will be embarrassing.It will feel like an invisible giant hand holds yourself.
“Uh, huh?”
“This, let go! Put it down!”
“I want to go down what you want.”
I used the wind to move them directly.
Outside of the open train.
“Save me! Please!
They desperately shouted, but I didn't see it.They are the ones who attacked the train by the momentum to kill.If you give mercy, you'll be surprised.
Throwing them out of the train as it is, screams echoes.And slowly moved away.
“.”
After arranging the raid, I took out the string out of my pocket by arranging a little distracted head.
I don't care much about beauty, so it's quite long hair, so it's quite cumbersome if you don't organize it on time.
I tied the back of the flowing back into one near the neck.
“It's a little better now.”
Now, this time, the door of the 3 car was opened in the car that I was thinking about running away.
If you process one, the other keeps coming out.
I think there's no end.
I wanted to step back quickly.
“What is this?”
The guys who came from the vehicle 3 looked at me and stood alone with the interior of the half -breaked vehicle.
“Kill!”
The guy, who seemed to be a captain, set up a blood on his neck and ordered.
At the same time, the guys who were waiting aimed at me.
Looking at it, I endured the desperate sigh.
okay.What can I do?If you come here, you have to see the end.
“Shoot!”
The captain orders the command and the subordinates are triggered.
But the bullet did not go out.
Iron!Iron!
“Uh, huh?”
“What are you doing!”
“Cho, the gun is broken!”
"what?"
While everyone was talking about it, I prepared the next magic.
If you are gathered like that, it's easy to deal with it here.
But there was one fact.
There was a wizard among them.
Paahie!
My magic is offset in the air.
The wizard who aimed the cane towards this side stared at me with a border.
“I think there was a wizard in the train passengers.”
“.......”
“Whatever it happens, I'll have to die together as long as this happens.”
It's more than this.I tried to keep killing from the beginning.
It looks like these guys terrorists, but I won't eat anything here.
I took out the pocket clock from the pocket and checked the time.
It has been less than 10 minutes after the terrorist.
'Time is still a little lacking.'
The landscape passing by outside is still cold and floating.
I thought it was so beautiful when I saw it over the window, but it came to scary just one because the walls blocked between them disappeared.
There is still time left to leave the Arette Mountains.
It will be hard for the supporters to come right away.
'I can't help it.'
Considering the location and the last time, the remaining time given to me is at least 5 minutes.
'I have to hold on to it.'