◈ 2 episodes of the capital of Empire (2)
But why does the man in front of me ask me about the existence of Machiavelli?
It's also a fake status I used until recently.
Do you know that you know it on purpose?
'What are you doing?'
At the moment, I doubted that it was a tracer sent by the princess faction of the Utah kingdom, but I don't think so.
Rudge did not take any action except what he asked.
Rather, his eyes and actions were close to the purely curious side.
Then simple coincidence?
‘It is a teacher of Seun .......’
The Academy is famous enough to rise and fall among people even when staying in a faraway country.
The young man goes to the new teacher of the young man, which means that the opponent in front of him is a great talent.
I definitely didn't know it at the first time, but I feel it a little.
This person is not serious somewhere.
But I shook my head instead of raising the alert.
'First, let's say a coincidence.'
You shouldn't be stabbed and tee.
I naturally passed the next page of the newspaper and accepted his words.
"If such a person was actually, it would have been published in the newspaper."
"Haha. Well, maybe it's not easy to be revealed."
“That's fun. Can you tell the person who first met today?”
“What, don't you have anything? And Gerard is the first to see you today, but I think it's right for some reason.”
“Thank you for watching this old man.”
It was a good image of living well to the other person, and Rudgers seemed to have no intention of paying attention to me.
I went quietly silently.
As long as this happened, I decided to respond moderately.
Still, it's not good to have a horse, and it's not bad.
“If Ludger goes to the right, will you go to class right away?”
“It's not a Pharaoh, but I will have to wait.”
“First grade?”
“No. I was in charge of second grade.”
"Oh, I am a second grade. Do you usually do new students in first grade? This was more great than I thought."
The news is over the shoulder, but Seeun has a magical academy and has an image that is close to university when he hits Earth.
There are all kinds of buildings built on a huge site, and thousands of people who live and work there are thousands of units?
Although it is in contact with the big city, it is literally close to a small city, and it turns out to be the city next to the city.
SuchStudents are from first grade to fifth grade.
The higher the grade, the smarter the children are, so the high school grades will be played by talented teachers and the new teachers are first -class.
But this time, it's a new second grade.
I thought it might be a great person, but it was more than that.
'You won't be a teacher of the old.'
Magic Academy teaches magic.
It is the world that achieved the industrial revolution of iron and steam, but nevertheless, it would be a magical presence.
'I only saw it in fantasy novels.'
The existence of magic could not be removed from the world, and of course, of course, this magic was always the exclusive property of those who were chosen.
If you don't deal with magic, you can't use magic.
but.
Unlike only the noble nobility, which is a noble lineage in the past, these days, the perspective of the skilled grounds is increasing quite a bit of talent.
Seun is the number one magical academy that can be entered with that skill.
'I'm curious about this.What kind of place? '
Usually, if it's a magical academy, I have no choice but to think of a famous work on Earth.
Students fly on a broom and use magic as a wooden wand .......
Perhaps the children who had seen a movie or book in childhood had a dream of this magic school.
Magic school.
Where is this romance?
That world actually exists.
Students who learn magic and go to youth.
'Youth ......?'
In my previous life, my father died early and could not afford to do that.
I had to study as if I had to support my family, and I was obsessed with success.
The second life, now, was no different from the previous life.
No, rather worse.
That's why I hide my identity right now.
'I will see the thief who wants to come now.'
Born in this world and lived again 27 years.
I was no longer burning youth, so I was walking along the road.
What a magical academy is just a story of another world.
The same is true of a man named Ludger in front of it.
The man who lives in a false status and hides his identity, and that man stands on a brilliant stage called Se -sun is too different.
Still, I became a teacher at a young age, so I have to celebrate it purely.
'Because it is called a fallen aristocracy.’
This world still has a class society.And the aristocrats, of course, are those who belong to such a class society.
But there are those who are in such a place and have fallen to hell.
I was rebellious in the country, or I had a huge or huge amount of money to those higher.
Anyway, aristocrats who have fallen to the bottom for many reasons.
Fallen aristocracy.
Considering that it is a fall aristocrat to be despised more than commoners than commoners, the man named Ludger in front of his eyes has been trying to make a really bloody teacher.
I was thinking so, but I felt something strange from outside.
'what?'
I threw a little bit of anxiety out of the window and had no choice but to be caught in a strange anxiety.
The airflow is strange.
Exactly the air is heavy.
It's as if something happens.
“Why are you?”
My reaction seemed to be puzzled.
I did not answer there and had a five senses.
...... something comes.
“Something now .......”
It was the moment that Rugger was trying to open his mouth.
────── !!!
A huge binge and powerful shock shook the Mado engineering train roughly.
The rooms on the train were shaken, and the train on the railroad was wounded to the side.
I strongly held the chair handle to balance the body.
“What is this ...... Did the engine burst?”
Ludger muttered so much, but I shook my head as if I didn't know.
The engine does not seem to burst.
There is no shock that the entire train is shaking because of an engine.
In addition, if it is safe, the engine of the engineering institution's vehicle will be bursting in the first time.
There is something.Why is this explosion forced?
───!
My anxious imagination was not wrong, and I started to run busy with a thumping sound on the ceiling of the train.
At the same time, there was a noisy sound from the leading car.
Something broken and screams of people.I noticed exactly what happened.
“It's an attack.”
“Is it attack? On this train?”
“Most of the guests in the engineer engineering train are rich merchants and aristocrats.
Most of the guests who are on this expensive magic institution car are rich.Naturally, many of them were looking for money they had, and the robbery of the train was occasionally occasionally.
'Even so, you do this on the border heading to the empire.'
Even the attacked guys are not quite normal.
LiverIt was so big that it was swollen and popped out.
'The explosion that shook the train a little before.I don't think it's ordinary power. '
I have a guessing part, so I narrowed my eyes.
'Is it magic?'
There is a wizard between the raids.
If a wizard is in place, this bold thing can be challenged.
If you borrow the power of the wizard quickly and run away, you will be able to hide your body safely in this rugged northern arette.It's hard to pursue.
If you are aiming for that, they are not at first.
The big guys can't be ordinary in the first place, as they have a wizard with such a firepower and attacks the trains on board.
There are some people who do magic because of magic.
"Ludger. I think I should hide or avoid my body."
In my words, Rugger nodded.
Ludge picked up his luggage.Are you trying to take your bag in this situation?It looks like something is important inside.
I woke up because I was not worried about others.The first thing that took the lead was Ludger.
“I don't know, so I'll stand in front.”
"yes."
First of all, my status is a 40 -year -old commoner.
This man, who became an academy teacher in his mid -20s, will fight better.
Ludger took out a small wooden wand in his right hand and was bounded.
The two of us opened the door of the room and looked at the dynamics of the corridor of Vehicle No. 4.
There are no people yet.The guests seemed to be waiting in a safe room now.
'It's a wrong choice.'
The room itself is being protected by magic, but the robbers that are now attacked are not ordinary people.In this situation, sitting still in the room is nothing like to catch me.
In this case, it is best to move away from them as far as possible.
'But the guys who entered the third vehicle have not come here yet.'
I thought it would be scattered right away, but I thought it would extort the money of the guests.
Or maybe you're aiming for the first car in front of it.
The first vehicle is the first class for the aristocrats.
It is a special room that is so severely protected, but in other words, it was the golden egg with the most money.
'I'm glad.'
While the eye is attracted to the vehicle No. 1, we stop if we step back.
Of course, such a radical engineer train is a facility to send a rescue signal when an emergency is in case of an emergency.
Perhaps the support troops will run within an early time.
I just need to hold up until then.
Garl!
thatAt the moment, a man broke the hallway window and entered a man.
Scattered from his shoulders that he had not yet brushed off, he looked at him by turning his head.
The pupils had a lot of blood.
'You're bloody once.Are you going to say any medicine? '
The appearance of hatred and anger was buried, but it seemed to be completely different rather than a robber.
Did you be supported by evil while waiting for the train in this cold?
“Wow!”
But before I even revealed that wonder, he first shouted when he found us.
At the same time, Ludger's magic was expressed.
A technique of engraved with horsepower in front of the cane.
The sake, which was engraved in the air in three dimensions, was immediately sublimated into a magic.
Pajijik!
I wanted to have a blue brain warfare, but a single flash penetrated the breasts of the intruder.
“Kai!”
The robber, who was running towards this side, fell down on the floor and trembled.
I asked while looking at Ludger.
“Are you killed?”
“No, I just overpowered it.”
The answer that answered so slowly approached the robber, with a cautious face.
While aiming at the cane.
"Wait a minute. Ludger. It's dangerous."
"It's okay. I will only have a light interrogation of what purpose I attacked this train."
“No, so .......”
I tried to say more, but Ludger moved without listening.
He pushed the strength on the floor with his feet and faced up.
"Tell me. What purpose did you attack this train?"
“Kig. Kick. Key Kick.”
“Laugh in this situation ......?”
“All, everything, you have to die.”
The madness of the madness is so cold that the skin trembles.
The robber laughed while he was cramped and bleeding from his nose.
At the same time, he released the top of the cherry top and the objects hidden inside appeared.
It was a huge amount of bombs.
“......!”
Before Rudger, who saw it, opened his eyes and activated the magic.
The robber squeezed the catalyst in advance.
Kwahiah!
A huge explosion swept four cars.