<I was disguised by the Academy -Sayren>
◈ The capital of Episode 1 Empire (1)
Most parents often recommend top occupations such as doctors and judges when their children dream of a future job.
The job that ends with the end of the end is good.
Or at least a civil servant called a stable iron rice barrel.
There are no parents who want their children to go on a difficult and difficult way.
But in my case it was a little different.
“Son, you become a shaman.”
"yes?"
It was what my mother told me when I was with my sister, who was so early, and my sister.
The family wasn't too tilted or poor, but I still tried to be a doctor to make money.Or become a scientist or a developer.
My mother's authority for me with such a fruitful route was a completely different way, not literary routes, or even arts.
What should I say?Theology major?
“Uh, what is it?”
“I didn't hear it, so please tell me again.
“I don't like it.”
My answer was firm.
I won't be a shaman.Why suddenly?
In my embarrassing answer, my mother once floated his eyebrows and spoke in a hard tone.
"There is a qualities of the shaman. All kinds of spirits are taking care of you.
I heard that and I was ridiculous.
The qualities of the shaman.You have such talent.
Beyond the absurdity, I didn't think anything.
My mother has been talking about my son who shouldn't be destined to be harmless if he's a shaman and a shaman.
What did I say at that time?
“I never like it.”
“If not, you will be very angry someday.
“If you are for me, you should cheer for the way I go!”
I say so firmly and remember that I was stuck in my room.
Honestly, I was uncomfortable and angry.You can't compliment your child's life design since you were in puberty.
In that sense, I studied harder with repulsion.
My mother continued to bother me to forced me to religious things and to teach all kinds of myths, magic and magic.
But I did not give up.As I, I learned all kinds of rational knowledge to strengthen my head further.
After more than 10 years and becoming an adult,When you settle down.
I died.
It is also a traffic accident.
'It was really ridiculous.'
Is this the anger that my mother said?
And what was even more surprising was afterwards.
I am alive.Exactly once died, but it is right to be born.
The afterlife exist.I thought everything my mother said was a lie, but that was all true.
Foolishly, human beings were not able to realize what they did not experience directly, and I felt dying through the experience of death.
And what am I doing now?
“I will go to class. Please open the power textbook.
I am a teacher at the Magic Academy.
...... How did it happen?
* * *
A magician car that emits white steam arrived at the station.
Iron!Chii profit!
The sound of the compressed steam out with the iron and iron was cooled.
The guests waiting at the station climbed one by one, and when I watched the scene, I took a big breath before boarding the train.
I felt like my body became clear in the clear air that penetrated the lungs.
The sky is clear without clouds, and in the cold air of the winter, even the pleasant freshness is felt.
There is not much time left for the Magichak Motor to the Exacilion Empire.
I raised my hand and lightly swept my face.
A strange heterogeneity feels between the hands of the gloves and the skin.
'Infi -myeon is certainly stuck.'
It was inevitable because there was something to hide.
I went on a train with a natural step to avoid doubts from others.
“I will check the table.”
When I got on the train, the deputy manager talked.
I pulled out the ticket from the pocket of the frock coat.
"It's confirmed. Gerard. Have a nice trip."
After receiving a ritual greeting from the deputy manager, I answered that I nodded my head.
I checked the ticket that was handed over and it was written as 403.
In other words, it was the third room of the fourth vehicle.
The corridor was narrow enough to walk around one person, but on one side, the door was at a large interval.
The magic engineering train I boarded now is not called a luxury train.
401.
402.
403.
'Here.'
I checked the nameplate and opened the door.
The moment I open the door for a long timeThe smell of the tree has been smelled.
The inside is not so gorgeous, but there was everything.
The seats that look lively and the storage space are divided into left and right.And if you need something, you can call the staff.
'It's not bad.'
I didn't take a heavy bag of baggage, so I just moved separately and sat lightly.
It was a luxurious train, even the seat was soft.
Looking out the window, the vast landscape of the northern mountains was stepped on.
The top of the sharp mountain range, which has soared high, is covered with white snow, and it looks like giants wearing white hats.
This train soon goes through the gaps of that mountain range.
'I have come here, so I can relieve it now.'
My name is Gerard.
At one time, he was an ordinary society who lived in Korea.
Of course, it was a past life, and I died of a mysterious car accident.
The place where I died so died so waking up is now the world.
A mysterious world where magic and science coexist completely different from Earth.
Here I was giving a new second life.
'I got on the Imperial train, so I can rest until I arrive.'
Exacilion Empire.
It is the most huge and strongest name on this continent.
Magic and machines coexist and develop and developed magic engineering, where wizards and magazines exist.
I am now heading to that empire.
'Is the station passing in the middle is the big city leather velk.'
I picked up the guide pamphlet next to the seat and checked the contents.
The final destination of the Magado engineering train, which is currently scheduled to start, is the capital of the empire.
However, there is no train heading to the capital of a country directly from the border of other countries.
No matter how verified and only a lot of money, it is the same as the first -class magic train.
Naturally, there are two stations passing in the middle.
Leather Velk is the first of which, in some perspectives, is a more famous city than the capital.
It's a magical academy that is the dream of all wizards.
'Is it an academy?It's an amazing world. '
It's been a few decades since I lived a second life, but I still can't adapt.
The gap with the past life must be.
But the academy is not related to me anyway.You don't have to pay attention.
Route.
I think so, so the train vibrated once.
'Are you trying to start?'
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!
As expected, the train soon made a horn that announced the departure.
As early as one minute, this train will run through the vast northern mountains.Will.
'Are you going alone in this room?It would be nice to be comfortable. '
As soon as I thought about such a silly idea, the door of the 403 room was opened as if I waited.
It is not an employee.A man who seems to be in his mid -twenties who dressed well.I'm wearing a brown frock coat similar to what I wore.
The employee of the train can't wear such clothes, so it's a guest to use the same room as me.
Tiger also came to me.
There must have been a passenger.
'I didn't notice and went comfortably.'
When he was sighing in like that, the other person saw me and greeted me.
"hello."
“.......”
I crossed the greetings from there, so I nodded and greeted me.
I didn't want to mix words for a long time, so I responded as if it was a silent personality.
The man also sat in a seat opposite me, not minding my actions.
Ah ah ah ─── !!!
The train began to start with a loud horn.
At first, it was a rattling and shaking magic agency, but as soon as it began to speed up, the shaking disappeared.
The price of the table was not expensive.Just as the common people are so expensive that they can't afford it, the speed and convenience were different from the general steam locomotive.
The landscape outside the transparent glass window passed by quickly.
Eyes piled up and conifers standing in it.The white snow mountain that covered all of that is so beautiful that it takes away the eye.
However, it is 10 minutes and 20 minutes, and if you look at it, you will be tired of it.
I took out a newspaper next to the pamphlet and opened it.
There are no laptops or smartphones in this world, so you can spend boring time because they do not exist except books or newspapers.
[Utah Kingdom Civil War]
[It ends with the victory of the princess faction]
On the first page of the newspaper, such an article was contained.
It was the kingdom of Utah that had recently rose up and recruited mercenaries from all over the world.
And it's a country where there was a train station with a long time ago.
There was a black and white picture of a black letter font printed.It was a picture of the king who announced the victory of the war.
“The civil war of the kingdom of Utah is over.”
I heard a voice over the newspaper.
I slightly lowered my face and faced a man opposite.
When I asked myself like this, I couldn't ignore it as if I could.
“Yes.I'm glad I think. ”
"It's just a while ago that the prince faction gathered mercenaries and all the power of all over the place, and it's fortunate to end early."
“But it's not like damage.”
“Is it like that? Ah. I'm late. I'm Ludger Celli.”
Ludger Celli.Is it an aristocrat when you see a castle?
But he does not see the arrogance or arrogance unique to the aristocracy.
“Gerard. There is no surname.”
There is no castle.
In other words, I revealed that I am a commoner.
"Ah. It's okay to not be too uncomfortable. I'm from a fallen aristocracy."
"Oh, you did."
If you are a fall aristocracy, you can understand.
Because they are aristocrats, they are not aristocrats.
“Where do Gerard go?”
“I go to Lindebrunu, the capital of the empire. I have something to do there.”
“Hmm.
Jokingly, Ludger, I smiled and shook my head.
“It's not work, it's just a tour of tourism.”
"It's a tour. That's good too. I only heard it, but the Excellion empire said that the engineering engineering was so great that it was very full."
“Where is Ludger go?”
“I go to Leather Velcr.”
“If you are a leather Velcr, you have an academy. Do you have anything to see?”
“Yes. Well, I'm not proud of it, but I was appointed as a teacher for the Academy.”
“Ho.”
I admired purely.
Empire's largest magical academy.
The places where all kinds of giraffes on the continent gather are the future hotbeds that cut the stones that will carry this world into jewelry.
Naturally, the students who gather there are composed only of the best talents, and the teachers who teach them are strictly selected to suit them.
The man in front is one of them.
“I think you are young, but you have great skills.”
"No. I just made me highly appreciated me. In fact, I passed the chin."
"I heard that the chin is not satisfied, so I heard that people are falling. You can be proud enough."
“Thank you for evaluating it.
“What rumors are you?”
"There was a protagonist who led this civil war to the victory of the princess faction."
"Huh. It's a protagonist."
“But surprisingly, the person said it was a wandering mercenary, not a great wizard or a senior article.”
oneA wandering mercenary who set up a great ball to lead the national civil war.
Although it has not been revealed in the newspaper yet, the word of mouth was spreading among people.
"Mercenary Machiavelli. That's his name."
"okay."
I had a slightly tone tone.
“Are you not surprised?”
“Huh. I just think it's a rumor.”
It is said that I don't know in words, but it's actually a lie.
I know the name Mercenary Machiavelli.
I can't know it in the first place.
Because Machiavelli.
'Because I was used before Gerard.'