◈ 4 episodes of trains attack (2)
“Get out!”
“Interference!”
The wizards stood in line, pushing the people who were blocking the entrance.
They stared at the man left alone in Vehicle No. 4 with a slightly tense face.
A black frock coat with a golden thread on a neat suit that clings to the body.
Black long hair tied from the neck.
Even sharp eyes that feel colder than cold winds that are swept outside.
From appearance to momentum, everything was not unusual.
In fact, his compatriots who entered the trains in his hands were different.
'Who the hell are you?'
The terrorist who led the train attack frowned for a man in front of him.
I would have had such a wizard on this train.
Is the information late in advance?
'no.It doesn't matter what it happens.This is only five wizards. '
We recruited a lot of people who have learned magic.
Even if you have an internal security personnel, you can sweep it with overwhelming force.
I didn't expect to have a wizard, but that's only one.Considering that you are outstanding, you will not be able to respond anymore when the number is five.
In addition, Mayhem, the captain of this wizard, is a fourth -class wizard.
'I will never respond unless the other person is a famous wizard with at least 5 levels.'
There are few wizards that are so skilled throughout this continent.
Especially if you achieved more than 5 levels at a young age, rumors would have already spread.
If so, no matter how high the opponent is, the fourth level.
It is exactly the same as the Mayhem.
The man in front of me knew it, so I didn't try to use the magic.
"Hmm. There are five wizards.
"It's surprisingly fast, but it's still late."
“If so, I have to change the method a little.”
The man said so, and then he threw the foot of the frock coat and threw himself out of the broken train.
“Uh, huh? Did you jump?”
“Did you think you can't win and choose suicide?”
Wonderful terrorists.
Among them, one wizard wanted to stand over the broken bulk, but he didn't see anything under the dark cliff.
“I think I fell down and died!”
“I thought I would do anything, but it was just a coward.”
The moment everyone wants to draw that conclusion.
Purs!
A flash of light penetrated the wizard's head.
BacteriaThe body that lost his brother leaned forward and fell out of the train.
“What, what is it!”
“Hanson is dead!”
Dead?Why the hell?Where did the flash just fly?
As everyone wondered, Mayhem, the leader of the wizard, distorted his face.
"Weed! He is on the roof!"
“It's on the train?
“Did you write a flying magic?”
“Is it possible to catch up with a running train with a flying magic?!”
“It's noisy and chases you!”
* * *
'I'm sorry.I tried to take one more after being alert. '
The noise of noise from below.
I realized that this is alive, so they will now try to kill me with power.
I pretended to jump, hang on the wall, and then go up right up and plant them in vigilance.
You have no choice but to take one of the five wizards.
“Go up!”
“Kill him!”
A voice rang between the car and the car, and then began to ride on the roof by one and two ladders.
But it won't be so easy.
As if I waited, I shot the horsepower to the guys, and turned my back to the rear car.
The guys who were trying to climb had no choice but to go back to the attack on the head.The roof without cover is just a target by going up.
Thump thumps.
As I ran on purpose, the guys waiting in the car also heard the sound and chased me.
“Back!
“Chasing!”
It's really easy to understand.
It seemed to be quite effective to get rid of the wizard.
Even if they are prepared to die and self -destructive each other, they can't tolerate their colleagues in their hands?
Indeed, it is a contradictory mind.
'If you come out emotionally, thank you more.'
The more you become, the easier to shake.
* * *
Terrorists split the personnel in half to catch the wizard who fled to the rear of the train.
Anyway, as long as the other person is a wizard, it will only interfere with the same wizard.
Except for a few people who will assist the wizards, they decided to aim for the first class of the first vehicle that has not yet been penetrated.
The wizard troops heading out of the two groups divided from Vehicle No. 4.
“Where are you?”
“Why do you say anything?”
“Anyway, let's go back!”
The moment you open the door in a hurry.
Kwahia!
The door explodes and the red flames pick up the terroristsSwallowed.
In an instant, five people became black charcoal and the ground fell.
The magic fireworks turned off like a candle after faithfully fulfilling my role.
“This, this bad guy!”
“Installing a trap in front of the door!”
The wizard leader Mayhem shed soreness as he saw the dead bodies of dead Koreans.
'I installed a trap in front of the door in that short time?'
The speed was amazing, but it was the act of seeing the other person to make him more nervous.
Normally, he knows noble wizards from birth, and are extremely reluctant to move their bodies.
They always stand in their seats as they see magic and spread out their magic.
But the man he chased now did not.
'I want to be disadvantageous, so I run away like a knife, and then I'm in vigilance and then surprise.This is not a general wizard of the method. '
Overly silent and thorough.
Is this a move closer to mercenaries or hunters rather than magic.
'He is an alternative .......'
At first, I thought it was just such a magic.
Anyway, those who are on this train are all aristocrats or rich merchants.
They are all sucking the blood of poor commoners and standing on it.
Everyone was enough to die.
'But he is different.'
What is the identity?
Mayhem, who was so worried, opened his mouth with a heavier look.
"Be careful. From now on, we're leading. I don't know what the trap he will have.
"yes!"
Leading on Mayhem, the wizards took the lead and moved to check if the trap was installed on the corridor or wall.
As a result, every time I went beyond the train and the train, it took a considerable time.
"Don't be in a hurry. Anyway, he can't get out of the end of the train."
After all, it's like a rat in the poison.
It was certain that he fled to the rear vehicle.
Mayhem, the wizard leader, walked slowly and suddenly stopped.
Something felt heterogeneous in words.
Suddenly, I quickly realized why I felt so sweet.
Route!Kiyi Ying!
At the end of the train, something big noise rang.
Terrorists, who were slowly moving, realized that they were instinctively wrong when they heard the sound.
"Oops! Remove the train and run away!"
It was late to realize that the fever was on the head.
In the beginning, the other person does not have to fight this sideIt was.Just dragging time and running away.
Through the trap, I deliberately raised this awareness and turned it on.
He is trying to escape safely to the end of the car.
“Chasing! Don't let him run away!”
Now they are urgent, and they have only thought to chase and kill wizards who sleep and run away.
They hurriedly ran a train and arrived in front of the 12 car, which was the last time.
The moment they opened the door were not the landscape of the 12 cars that should have been originally the only snow -covered mountain range and railway.
Mayhem bite it.
'I made a mistake.He had to keep recalling that he didn't have to fight us. '
I overlooked the important facts that had a fever on my head.
Who would have expected that the other person would decide and run away?
“Do you miss it?”
“I remember that child.
When everyone is looking at it and staring outside.
Mayhem felt the intense magic waves from the back and creepy on the whole body.
“What is this .......”
He urgently turned his head and looked back.
And what I saw
It was clearly the man who should have disappeared with the separate 12 cars.
“Why here .......”
But the important thing was not that man's existence.
The most important thing to pay attention is the magic almost just before the trigger, completed before him.
It was also a very terrible and dangerous class of elemental magic.
“Escape all!”
Mayhem shouted like that and raised the magic as much as possible.
In the lack of time, the capacity was raised as much as possible to create the most sturdy horsepower barrier.
Hwa -hwa!
Shortly afterwards, a huge magic swept the entire vehicle and swept the inside like a storm.
The white flame is brilliant.
The embers of the same color as the blizzards that are subtle from the outside.
It swept all the terrorists who were evacuated or responded.
* * *
“Is it over.”
I muttered like that, looking at the magic flames that gradually disappeared.
They thought I would run away from the 12th vehicle, and I was focused on it.
That's right.If you dig a trap and drag time, and separate the car in the meantime, anyone will think so.
But that's also a trap.
At first, I ran away while pretending to take time while taking a surprise.
The run away was only a deception tactic to deceive them.
It was also helpful to have a heat on them.
Thanks to the flowI was able to take it, and I was able to collect it in one place.
'I think there are still some of the remaining guys in the leading car, but it doesn't matter because we have handled all the wizards.'
I was thinking so, but something was raised in the pile of debris.
“He was alive.”
“Yes .......”
It was the leader who led the wizards that caused the body.At that moment he struck the barrier and defended his life.
But that's all.
His physical condition was so terrible that it was alive.
It was blocked, but it was not completely blocked, and the face was half -melts, and the whole body was burned.Even one side of the arm is disappearing.
Even breathing seems painful, so I can't stand it anyway, so I decided to leave it alone.
“Why are you killing?
"what?"
What the hell is you talking about it?
When I was absurd and shut my mouth, I stared at me with an angry eyes how he accepted it.
“Is the dead in your hands that you are not sorry!”
"I thought it was crazy, but I was more crazy than I thought."
"what?"
"That's what you are doing so that you are good at the topic that attacked the train and killed the passengers?"
That's why I'm ridiculous.
These guys attacked the train and killed the passengers there.
Such guys treat me bite that their colleagues are dead, but honestly annoyed.
“They were cheap even if they died!”
"Isn't it you guys who were trying to kill me in the first place? We already have to kill each other.
“That, that's .......”
“If you can't kill you, you should die.”
“You are ... who the hell is you?”
He gave up and asked about my identity.
But I did not answer that.
Beyond him, he saw countless shadows flying from outside.
Surneung.
The sound of the sword that is creepy between the blizzards.
Through the open back door, the white flash was shown and the wizard was divided in half.
Surry!
The solid line is drawn from the crown to the groin.And as soon as the white shadow jumped beyond the wizard and landed on the ground, his body split and fell on both sides.
Blood did not flow in the body.The cutting cross section is white EarlBecause it was frozen.
It looks over the fallen corpse.
“Are you okay?”
Looking back here, I answered the woman who was worried about it.
The pattern on the shoulders of the shoulder is the shape of a pure white eagle.
It was a sign of the Knights of the Border Guard, which was in charge of the defense of the empire.
"Don't worry now. Our border garrison has come out."